 No, thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you for the invitation, and really, I hope that this document first document will be the first step to real security guarantees for Ukraine, our people, our children. I really count on it. And of course, we count that America will not stop support. Really, for us, it’s very important to support and to continue it. I want to discuss it in details further during our conversation, and of course, the infrastructure of security guarantees. Because for today, I understand what Europe is ready to do, and of course, I want to discuss with you what the United States will be ready to do. And I really count on your strong position to stop Putin. And you said that “enough with the war.” I think that is very important to say these words to Putin at the very beginning, at the very beginning of the war, because he is a killer and terrorist. But I hope that together we can stop him. But for us, it’s very important to save our country, our values, our freedom, and democracy. And of course, no compromises with a killer about our territories but it will be later. And of course, what I wanted you know, we spoke about it by phone with you about the drone production. We have very good drone production. I think the best one in the world for today because of the war, yes. And of course, we need very much the air defense. You have the best air defense in the world, and really, you helped us under attacks of Russians. And I want to speak how we can exchange the licenses. We’re open to share the licenses of all our drones with you, of course, with the United States. And we need licenses for quick production of air defense. Even after the war, we need our nation to be calm, that we are secured. So that’s why we need this air shield. And of course, about this, I want to speak about the coalition. I think that France and UK already spoke to you, and we know that Europe is ready, but without the United States, they will not be ready to be as strong as we need. And the last point last, not least about exchange, about our people and children. And you know that this crazy Russian that they stole 20,000 Ukrainian children. They changed their names, they changed their families, relatives, and now they’re in Russia. We want to bring them back, and really, it’s a big, big dream, task, and goal for me. And our warriors we, by the way, Mr. we brought, we exchanged with yes, it is more than 4,000 warriors from Russian prison. But there are thousands more in the prison. I wanted to share with you some images how, how I’ve just just can can I now?

One minute. I just want you to understand what in what situation they are, and what the attitude of Russia to our prisoners that guys just you before before and after. And you see before and after. Just you to understand, now thousands of such guys, ladies, and men there. And so they don’t eat, they beat them, and they, you know so they do a lot of bad things. So, out even during the war, there are rules. Everybody knows there are rules during the war. These guys they don’t have any rules. You see that 50, 60 kilos and a lot of such things. And I didn’t want to show you what changes with images of children because I will share, just share with you I mean, it’s looking tragically.
  
I wanted very much to give you and you see, this is a pastor, by the way. They stole pastors because it’s not Russian Church they stole pastors and moved pastors to the prison. We, at the end of last year, we brought three pastors, and we could exchange them. This is a pastor yes.
  
So, I mean, this I wanted to show you. And this thank you very much.
  
Yeah, yeah, of course, of course we will.
  
Sorry, I’m sorry yes, go ahead, please. I can just yes, in the document, there is one of the very important points. If we speak about business and investment, we never had LNG terminals in Ukraine. This document will open I mean, the next documents, but anyway, here we see in the framework we see, we see really good will for this. Energy terminals for us is very important, and I think for security of the European continent. We have the biggest storage gas storage we have the biggest in Europe, yes.
  
And we can use it you get for LNG use it for LNG, and we will do it. And really, we can help Europe because Europe really helped President Trump said that they made less support, but they have our friends and they’re very supportive partners. They really gave a lot, Mr. really, they did. They gave a lot, but they gave much less no, much less no.
I think that I think that the United States on our side from the very beginning of occupation. And I think that President Trump on our side, and not I’m sure that United States President will not stop support. This is crucial for us. It’s important for us, yes. And Putin President speaks about the people and the soldiers which are dying, but they came to our territory. They came to our land. They began this war, and they have to stop. And I think all this is the question with really, the most important question can President Trump I hope, yes with some other allies, to stop Putin, withdraw these enemies our enemies withdraw these troops from our land. And I think that you asked about the history about the I think that if President or when he will stop Putin if President Trump will bring peace to our country, I think he will be on this wall.

I will wear a costume after this war will finish, okay? Yes, maybe one maybe something maybe something like yours, yes. Maybe something better I don’t know. We will see maybe something cheaper than yeah.

  
Yes, if I can answer sorry, please please. And I do like your clothing, brother yeah, really even though I have to I think he’s a great guy, by the way. But I don’t know if you two like each other, but you know what I think he’s I think I like this guy. I don’t I think he’s dressed beautiful.


  
Answer on such question I will answer on more serious question, if I can yeah. So, please about security guarantees and about just ceasefire. We can’t just speak about this ceasefire and speak and speak it will not work. Just ceasefire will not never work because I’m, like, a president I have this experience, and not only me Ukraine, before my presidency from 2014, Putin broken 25 times 25 times he broken his own signature 25 times he broken ceasefire. It he never broke to me he never broke no, no, you were the president he the president during 2016 you’ve been the president 


  
He for he had of course, not with you but he had during those periods, he had conversations with our side, and we had Normandy format you know, the France, Germany, Ukraine, and Russia and he broken 25 times. That’s why we will never accept just ceasefire it will not work without security guarantees. Security guarantees maybe President is right about this document and other but this document is not enough. Strong army is enough because his soldiers afraid Putin soldiers afraid of our soldiers when we’re strong enough. If we are not strong enough if we are empty if our storage is empty we can’t defend our land today. You know he knows that we have all the world knows that we have meeting yes. Why he’s using ballistic Putin today using ballistic on our hospitals, schools, and etc. ballistic so he knows that we are here and that President Trump is really have good will to stop to stop this war. And I and you hear now the President so why he’s using so he doesn’t want to stop he doesn’t want but I hope that we will do it really, we’ll do it security. When we speak about security guarantees when the Europeans are ready for contingents they need USA backstop. If there will not be United States, we will not never have any continent strong contingents from the Europeans because they don’t want to divide airlines connection between the United States and the main and strongest and Europeans and this is crucial this is important that what we want to speak about very much this is very important and there are defense so air defense really, we have big deficit with all these systems, and we need to provide this we need it very much otherwise Putin will never stop and go further and further. He doesn’t want he hate us, you know it’s not about me he hate Ukrainians he thinks that we are not a nation. He thinks and he shared I think maybe with your team also I don’t know but with all the Europeans, in media, officially and not he always said that we there is no such country, such nation, such language, and such life like Ukrainian no he really doesn’t respect all the Ukrainians, and he wants destroy us we and you are right, Mr. President that’s 2% this document maybe other documents it’s a very good start very good but it will not enough to stop this person this is rule of the war this is the rule of the war during all the centuries all the history this is the rule of the war who began those pay. This is the rule Putin began this war he has to pay all money for renovation he has to pay of course, some Russian assets what we have in Europe about 300 billions we can use them we can use for renovation and buy military support from the United States also we can do it but it’s not enough it’s 

  
About sorry just a second about any negotiations that first of all, I want I want really to tell you and I think that everybody understand that Ukraine more than Ukrainians nobody want to stop this war but at the future any negotiations it’s understandable that two sides of the war not Russia and the United States because this is not the war between Russia and the United States this is war of Russia against Ukraine and Ukrainian people so these two sides will will be at the any anyway will be at the negotiation and negotiation table then, of course, United States like the strongest partner of the Ukraine and of course Europe I think Europe is very important I want to speak about it with the President yes Europe is very important for us because we really defend Europe for today all Europeans are really recognized that we are defending line and they have real life and our people are dying that’s why they helped us and also it’s about the need yes between like the President said you have big, nice ocean yes between us but if we will not stay Russia will go further to Baltics and to Poland, by the way but first to the Baltics it’s understandable for them because they’ve been they’ve been in the USSR you know they’ve been one of the republics of the USSR and Putin wants to bring them back to his empire it’s a fact and when he will go there if we will not stay you will fight your American soldiers it doesn’t matter do you have ocean or not your soldiers will fight 

  
No, no and a lot of no Mr. you have to come and to look no, no, no we have very good cities yes a lot of things been destroyed but mostly cities alive and people work and children go to school sometimes it’s very difficult sometimes closer to frontline children have to go to underground schools or online but we live Ukraine is fighting and Ukraine lives this is very important and maybe it’s Putin is sharing this information that he destroyed us no he lost 700,000 people 700,000 soldiers he lost every 

  
Can I ask you sure yeah yeah okay so he occupied our parts big parts of Ukraine parts of east and Crimea so he occupied it on 2014 so during a lot of years I’m not speaking about just Biden but those time was Obama then President Obama then President Trump then President Biden now President Trump and God bless now President Trump will stop him but during 2014 nobody stopped him he just occupied and took he killed people you know what the contact are 2015 2014 2014 and 2015 2014 yeah 


  
But during 2014 till 2022 yeah the what the situation the same the people have been dying on the contact line nobody stopped him you know that we had conversations with him a lot of conversation my bilateral conversation and we signed with him me like a new president in 2019 I signed with him the deal I signed with him Macron and Merkel we signed ceasefire ceasefire all of them told me that he will never go we signed him gas contract gas contract yes but after that he broken this ceasefire he killed our people and he didn’t exchange prison we signed the exchange of prison but he didn’t do it what kind of diplomacy JD you are speaking about what what you what you what do you mean 

  
I have been to come on I’ve have actually I’ve actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is you bring people you bring them on a propaganda tour 

  
A lot of a lot of questions let’s start from the beginning first of all during the war everybody has problems even you but you have nice ocean and don’t feel now but you will feel it in the future God bless you don’t know that God bless God bless you will not have war don’t tell us what we’re going to feel we’re trying to solve a problem don’t tell us what we’re going to feel 

  
You think that if you will speak very loudly about the war you 

  
Can I no, no you’ve done a lot of talking your country is in big trouble I know you’re not winning you’re not winning this I 

  
Mr. President we are staying in our country staying strong from the very beginning of the war we’ve been alone and we are thankful I said thanks this cabinet in this cab we gave you through this stupid President $350 billion we gave you military equipment and you men are brave but they had to use our military if you didn’t have our military equipment if you didn’t have our military equipment this war would have been over in two weeks in three days I heard it from Putin in three days this is something in two weeks of course yes it’s going to be a very hard thing to do business like this tell just say thank you except American people except that there are disagreements and let’s go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media when you’re wrong we know that you’re wrong but you see I think it’s good for the American people to see what’s going on understand I think it’s very important that’s why I kept this going so long you have to be thankful you don’t have the cards you’re buried there you’re your people are dying you’re running low on soldiers listen you’re running low on soldiers it would be a damn good thing and then you then you tell us I don’t want to ceasefire I don’t want to ceasefire I want to go and I want this I look if you could get a ceasefire right now I tell you you take it so the bullets stop flying and your men stop getting killed 

  
It was your excuse me that was with Obama who gave you sheets and I gave you Javelins yes I gave you the Javelins to take out all those tanks Obama gave you sheets in fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave Javelins you got to be more thankful because let me tell you you don’t have the cards with us you have the cards but without us you don’t have any cards 

Of course of course we want to stop the war but I you’re saying you don’t want to ceasefire 