Well, thank you very much. It’s an honor to have President Zalinski of Ukraine, and we’ve been working very hard, very close. So, we’ve actually known each other for a long time. We’ve been dealing with each other for a long time and very well. We had a little negotiation spat, but that worked out great, I think, for both countries. I think for the world, actually, beyond both countries. And we have something that is a very fair deal, and we look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging, and working and getting some of the rare earth. But it means we’re going to be inside, and it’s a big commitment from the United States. And we appreciate working with you very much, and we will continue to do that. We have had some very good discussions with Russia. I spoke with President Putin, and we’re going to try and bring this to a close as something that you want and that he wants. We have to negotiate a deal, but we’ve started the confines of a deal, and I think something can happen. The big thing is the number of soldiers mostly at this point but soldiers being killed. You’re losing thousands of soldiers on both sides. We’re losing a lot of soldiers, and we want to see it stop, and we want to see the money get put to different kinds of use, like rebuilding, the rebuilding. And we’re going to be working very hard. But we’ve had a lot of very good conversations. I will say, until we came along, the Biden administration didn’t speak to Russia whatsoever. They didn’t speak to anybody. They just allowed this to continue. And I will say that I’ll say in front of you, you’ve heard me say it a thousand times if I were president, this war would have never happened. We would have had a deal negotiated for you without having to go through what you’ve gone through. But your soldiers have been unbelievably brave. We’ve given them great equipment, but somebody has to use the equipment. They’ve been unbelievably brave, and we give them great credit. This was supposed to be over very quickly, and here we are three years later. So, I give tremendous credit to your generals and your soldiers and yourself, in the sense that it’s been very hard fighting, very tough fighting. They’re great fighters, and you have to be very proud of them from that standpoint. But now we want to get it over with. It’s enough, right? We want to get it over with. So, it’s an honor to have you here. Thank you very much for coming. We’re going to sign the agreement at the conference in the East Room in a little while, right after lunch. And we’ll be having lunch together. We’re also discussing some other things, and we appreciate everybody being here. It’s somewhat of an exciting moment, but the really exciting moment is when we get when they stop the shooting, and we end up with the deal. And I think we’re fairly close to getting that. And an honor to have you. And please, would you like to say something?


Yeah, please. Some minute one minute.

That’s tough stuff. Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

We want to get that ended, right?

And I think we will. I think we will. And we have to. Of course. Do you have any questions?

Well, we don’t know exactly how much because we’re going to be putting some money in a fund that we’re going to get from the raw earth that we’re going to be taking and sharing in terms of revenue. So, it’s going to be a lot of money will be made from the sale and from the use of raw earth. And as you know, our country doesn’t have much raw earth. We have a lot of oil and gas, but we don’t have a lot of the raw earth. And what we do have is protected by the environmentalists, but that could be unprotected but still, it’s not very much. They have among the best in the world in terms of raw earth. So, we’re going to be using that taking it, using it for all of the things we do, including AI and including weapons and the military. And it’s really going to very much satisfy our needs. So, it was something that just worked out really well. We have a lot of oil, and we have a lot of gas we have a lot but we don’t have raw earth. So, this has just about every component of the raw earth that we need for computers, for all of the things we do. This puts us in great shape. And the long-term security for I think they’re going to have great look, I think once we make the agreement, that’s going to be 95% of it. They’re not going to go back to fighting. I’ve spoken with President Putin, and I think I mean, I feel very strong I’ve known him for a long time, and I feel very strongly that they’re very serious about it, and we’ll make a deal. When the deal is made, I don’t think we talk about security. Everyone’s talking about the other day, all they talked about was security. I said, “Let me make the deal first.” I have to make the deal first. I don’t worry about security right now. I have to we have to have a deal because right now, last week, 2,000 soldiers died on both sides 2,000. And they’re losing a thousand, 2,000, 3,000 a week. So, as we sit here and we talk, people are getting shot and dying on the battlefield. And, you know, they’re not American soldiers, but they’re Russian soldiers and they’re Ukrainian soldiers. And we want to be able to stop it, and we want to be able also to spend money on other things. We don’t want to this is a tremendous amount of money. And what the Biden administration did was terrible they were giving money, but he had no security on the money. Europe, as you know, gave much less money, but they had security it was in the form of a loan; they get their money back and we didn’t. And now, at least we’re protected because the American taxpayer has to be protected too. But this is an incredible agreement for Ukraine because we have a big investment in their country now and what they have, very few people have. And we’re able to really go forward with very, very high-tech things and many other things, including weaponry weaponry that we’re going to use in many locations, but that we need for our country. This allows us to do this.



It’s yeah.




Okay.




Yeah, I’d say George Washington, Abraham Lincoln I would say I’m far superior to George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. Now, you know I’m only kidding, right? Because when I say that, the fake news is going to go wild. They’re going to say, “He considers himself to be better than Washington.” But you never know, you never know. I don’t compare myself to anybody. I just I’m here to do a job. We’ve had a great 35 days or whatever it might be a month, a little more than a month. We’ve accomplished tremendous amounts not only this. This would be a very great achievement if we could get this the war stopped and get them back to normalization. I think that’s going to happen. We’ve had very good talks on both sides, as you know. But I think we’ve done a very good job just generally. If you look at all of the things we’ve done in 30 days, they’re saying there’s never been an opening for a president the first month there’s never been a first month like we’ve had. And this is one of the very important things. This, to me, is one of the most important things because we have tremendous death taking place as we speak, and I don’t want to have that. You know, think of the parents think of the whether they’re in Russia or Ukraine think of the parents of all these people being killed needlessly. They came to war should have never started. This would have never started if I were president.




What do you think? He wants to know do you think that sort of a stupid question, I guess. I guess we wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t.




We’ve had very, very good talks.




Thank you. I think you’re going to have to always make compromises. You can’t do any deals without compromises. So, certainly, he’s going to have to make some compromises but hopefully they won’t be as big as some people think you’re going to have to make. That’s all that’s all we can do. I’m here as an arbitrator, as a mediator to a certain extent, between two parties that have been very hostile to put it mildly. They’ve been very hostile. There has been a vicious war this has been a vicious war. You know, it’s a very level battlefield, and those bullets go out, and as I’ve said many times we’re talking about it with people many times the only thing stopping those bullets is a human body. And in the case we’re talking about, generally, young human bodies are stopping a lot of bullets. It’s dead level that’s why it’s great farmland. It’s great land it’s great farmland but there’s very little protection against the bullets that are being and other things that are being shot. So, all I can do is see if I can get everybody at the table and get an agreement. And I think we’re going to end up with an agreement otherwise, I wouldn’t probably be even here today.




I hope it will. I mean, I hope I’m going to be remembered as a peacemaker. This is this would be a great thing if we could do this. I’m doing this to save lives more than anything else second is to save a lot of money, but I consider that to be far less important. So, I hope I’m going to thank you, Brian, for that question. It was a nice question. I hope I’ll be known and recognized as a peacemaker. This would be a great thing to solve. This is a very dangerous situation you know, this could lead to a third world war. This was headed in the wrong direction. If this election were lost if we didn’t win this election and by “we,” we won it by a lot. That was a mandate. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of votes. We won everything the districts. You look at the areas of red take a look at a map this was a big mandate. And this was one of the things I said we’re going to get this thing settled. If we didn’t win, I think this would have this could have very well ended up in a third world war, and that would not that would not have been a good situation. What was your second question?





Thank you, thank you.




Yeah, we’re going to have arms to Ukraine yeah, here. Hopefully, I won’t have to send very much because hopefully we’re going to have it finished. We’re looking forward to finishing this quickly. We’re not looking forward to sending a lot of arms we’re looking forward to getting the war finished so we can do other things. But we very much appreciate the agreement because we needed what they had, and we’re treating you know, our country is now treated fairly. Biden didn’t do that Biden he didn’t know what the hell he was doing. This should have never happened this should have never started. But, you know, sure, the answer is yes but hopefully we won’t have to send much because I’m looking forward to getting it done getting it done quickly, very quickly.



I don’t want to talk about security yet because I want to get the deal done. You know, you fall into the same trap like everybody else a million times you said it over and over I want to get the deal done. Security is so easy that’s about 2% of the problem. I’m not worried about security I’m worried about getting the deal done. The security is the easy part security is very nice. Everybody stops shooting, and now will Europe put people there? I know France is going to I know the UK is going to I know other countries are going to, and they happen to be right next door. We haven’t committed, but we could conceivably you know, we have security in a different form. We’ll have workers there digging, digging, digging taking the raw earth so that we can create a lot of great product in this country. So, in that sense, you have something but we haven’t determined that yet. I will say, in speaking to France and in speaking to and they were here, as you know, last week and just the other day they have committed to a lot of security. I don’t think you’re going to need much security I think once this deal gets done, it’s over. Russia is not going to want to go back, and nobody’s going to want to go back. When this when this deal ends, I really believe this deal is going to be over.




Well, I love this guy who are you with?




Well, that’s why I like him American News does a great job. That’s very I like the question I think it’s a very good question. It is it’s a pathway to peace. It’s a pathway to getting something solved, and I feel that as the head of this country, I have an obligation to do that. Plus, you know, we’re very much involved we got involved. It’s too bad we got involved because there should have been no involvement because there should have been no war. And there shouldn’t have been October 7th that would have never happened. As you know, Iran was broke they had no money to give to Hezbollah; they had no money to give to Hamas. They were stone-cold broke. And then, under Biden, they became rich as hell they went from no money to 300 billion dollars in a period of four years, and they gave a lot of that money away, and you see what happened. And that’s a real mess also that we hope to be able to solve. But no, I appreciate your question very much. I just I feel I have an obligation to try and do something to stop the death. I can’t 



I have more serious things than 


Mr. Mr. President, you’ve been the president, but 



No, I’m in the middle I want to solve this thing. I’m for up for both I want to get it solved. And it’s wonderful to speak badly about somebody else, but I want to get it solved. If we can solve it great. If we can’t solve it, they’re going to have to fight it out, and who knows what’s going to happen but I want to see it get solved.



I’m very committed to Poland I think Poland is really stepped up and done a great job for NATO. They, as you know they paid more than they had to they are one of the finest groups of people I’ve ever known. I’m very committed to Poland. What about Baltics?



The Baltics they got a lot of it’s a tough neighborhood too but we’re committed. We’re going to be very committed, and we’re committed to NATO but NATO has to step up, and the Europeans have to step up more than they have. And I want to see them equalize because they are in for far less than we’re in, and they should be at least equal. You understand that why is the United States we have an ocean in between why is the United States in for so much more money and other things as Europe? With that being said, as you said, they’ve also been obviously very helpful but we have put in far more than they have, and I think they should equalize.



What we made a deal. So, I’m I’m a business person we made a deal. That’s what changed. I didn’t think we were going to make a deal, and we ended up making the deal so that changed.



I don’t know but well, they don’t like each other I can tell you that they do not like each other said this is not a love match and it’s unfortunate that’s why you’re in this situation. The United States should not have allowed this to happen okay the United States run by a man that didn’t know much I’m going to be very nice run by an incompetent person very incompetent person should never have allowed this to happen. I’ve stopped wars I’ve stopped many wars my people will tell you I stopped wars that nobody ever heard of about I stopped wars before they ever started. You can look at some of some of I could give you a lot of nations that would tell you right now they were probably going to war I could tell you right now there’s a nation thinking about going to war on something that nobody in this room has ever even heard of two smaller nations but big still big and I think I’ve stopped it but this should have never happened 




It was my question I’m sorry I don’t want to talk about Odessa now let’s not talk about Odessa I want to talk about making a deal getting peace we don’t have to talk about Odessa but a lot of cities have been destroyed a lot of cities that are not recognizable there’s not a building standing 



Yes and what did he say that a couple of days ago and what what did he tell you that gave you the assurance that he wanted peace?


Well, that’s what I do my whole life is deals I know pretty good and I really I’ve I’ve known him for a long time I’ve dealt with him for a long time he had to suffer through the Russia hoax you know Russia, Russia, Russia it was a hoax it was all Biden it was nothing to do with him so he had to suffer through that and he he was able to do that I think that he wants to make a deal and he’d like to see it end it’s all I do that’s what I do my whole life that’s what I do is make deals and I’m in the middle of a mess because this is a real mess it’s a very dangerous one if this doesn’t get solved now it’s not going to get solved for a long time so I hope we’re going to I hope we’re going to get it solved 



Well, we actually spoke to him about that yesterday and we thought they took it very, very much too far JD was very strong on it so was I so was Marco and we’ve been speaking to him about it Marco, would you like to say something about 

Marco
Yeah we we have concerns obviously with the conduct of there particularly as it impacts Americans and there’s real concern that American speech online could fall into the hands of British or any country’s jurisdiction and so this is a point the Vice President made at Munich and I think it’s a very compelling one that what unites us with Europe as much as anything else is these shared values and one of them being free speech and so if Americans are threatened by it we’re going to need to take action in that regard it’s actually a very important question we spoke about this in detail with the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary and others at lunch yesterday and I know that Secretary of Commerce Lutnick followed up in private meetings last night this is really important we believe Americans have the right to speak their mind even if we in this room disagree with them they have the right to speak their mind in the public square which is often online these days and we’re going to defend that right as it pertains to American companies and American citizens vigorously if we have to I do think that under the President’s leadership we’re going to find common ground with our friends in the UK on this question but it remains to be seen the principle that will guide us is we believe in free speech in this country and we’ll fight for it for American citizens 


Mr. deal is there any other oil and gas components 


We’ll see but we’re not really looking for that so much we got a lot we have more than anybody in the world by far so no we’re not talking about it too much but a little bit I think it it affects also but for the most part no 



No we don’t need that 



I’ve spoken to him on numerous occasions okay and how was the latest call what did you discuss how did it go are you serious with that question 




It went well I think I think we’re going to have a deal 



Well, we’ll take a look at at the time we have a lot of area it’s a very big area we’re talking about so we’ll take a look I’ll study that I’ll see and who would protect those minerals if they are US interest would that be Ukrainian 


They’ll be protected the agreement will protect them the agreement yeah we’re signing an agreement 



I just told you I don’t think that’s going to happen and if that were going to happen I wouldn’t make a deal if I thought that was going to happen I wouldn’t make a deal some people may wonder why you know they used to focus on CNN on survival not asking me these ridiculous questions focus on surviving because CNN’s got such low ratings I don’t think they’re going to survive let’s go already 



Well, if I didn’t align myself with both of them you’d never have a deal you want me to say really terrible things about Putin and then say, “Hi, Vladimir, how are we doing on the deal?” that doesn’t work that way I’m not aligned with Putin I’m not aligned with anybody I’m aligned with the United States of America and for the good of the world I’m aligned with the world and I want to get this thing over with you see the hatred he’s got for Putin it’s very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of he’s got tremendous hatred and I understand that but I can tell you the other side isn’t exactly in love with you know him either so it’s not a question of alignment I have to I’m aligned with the world I want to get the things settled I’m aligned with Europe I want to see if we can get this thing done you want me to be tough I could be tougher than any human being you’ve ever seen I’d be so tough but you’re never going to get a deal that way so that’s the way it goes all 

JD (Vice President)
One more question I would respond to this so look for four years in the United States of America we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin and then Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country the path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy we tried the pathway of Joe Biden of thumping our chest and pretending that the President of the United States’s words mattered more than the President of the United States’s actions what makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy that’s what President Trump is doing 




So I was not here yeah that’s exactly right yes 


JD (Vice President)
I’m talking about the kind of diplomacy that’s going to end the destruction of your country yes but Mr. President Mr. President with respect I think it’s disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the frontlines because you have manpower problems you should be thanking the President for trying to bring an end to this conflict you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have 



JD (Vice President)
Mr. President are do you disagree that you’ve had problems bringing people into your military and do you think that it’s respectful to come to the Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to trying to prevent the destruction of your country 



JD (Vice President)
I’m not telling you 


You’re in no position to dictate that you’re in no position to dictate what we’re going to feel we’re going to feel very good we’re going to feel very good and very strong you will feel influence you’re right now not in a very good position you’ve allowed yourself to be in a very bad position and he happens to be right about from the very beginning of the war you’re not in a good position you don’t have the cards right now with us you start having cards right now you don’t you’re playing cards you’re gambling with the lives of millions of people you’re gambling with World War you’re gambling with World War III and what you’re doing is very disrespectful to the country this country that’s backed you far more than a lot of people said they should have have you said thank you once this entire meeting no in this entire meeting have you said thank you you went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October offer some words of appreciation for United States of America and the President who’s trying to save your country please 




He’s not speaking loudly he’s not speaking loudly your country is in big trouble 




You have a damn good chance of coming out okay because of us 






Said to you I want a ceasefire guarantees because you’ll get a ceasefire faster than it agree ask how people about ceasefire what they think that wasn’t that wasn’t with me that was with a a guy named Biden who was not a smart person that was that was with Obama 



JD (Vice President)
Do what are you saying 


Why did they break it I don’t know they broke it with Biden because Biden they didn’t respect him they didn’t respect Obama they respect me let me tell you Putin went through a hell of a lot with me he went through a phony witch hunt where they used him and Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia you ever hear of that deal that was a phony that was a phony Hunter Biden Joe Biden scam Hillary Clinton Shifty Adam Schiff it was a Democrat scam and he had to go through that and he did go through it we didn’t end up in a war and he went through it he was accused of all that stuff he had nothing to do with it it came out of Hunter Biden’s bathroom it came out of Hunter Biden’s bedroom it was disgusting and then they said oh, oh the laptop from hell was made by Russia the 51 agents the whole thing was a scam and he had to put up with that he was being accused of all that stuff all I can say is this he might have broken deals with Obama and Bush and he might have broken them with Biden he did maybe maybe he didn’t I don’t know what happened but he didn’t break them with me he wants to make a deal I don’t know if you can make a deal the problem is I’ve empowered you to be a tough guy and I don’t think you’d be a tough guy without the United States and your people are very brave but you’re either going to make a deal or we’re out and if we’re out you’ll fight it out I don’t think it’s going to be pretty but you’ll fight it out but you don’t have the cards but once we sign that deal you’re in a much better position but you’re not acting at all thankful and that’s not a nice thing I’ll be honest that’s not a nice thing all right I think we’ve seen enough what do you think huh this is this is going to be great television I will say that all right we’ll see what we can do about put this is we’ll see guys come on 

