@His first comments were ceasefires don’t work. WWIII then? Ukraine is running out of soldiers. That’s a fact. The next move is for other countries to join in and then it’s all out war.
Trump only wants rare earth in payback for what Biden GAVE plus more and doesnt want to help Ukraine anymore whilst still taking half of rare earth whilst Eu troops on ground helping keep peace and US do nothing and make deals with Russia, your as bad as trump if you think your the one hard done by...Idiot. @@Joyreidisaracissssssss
Amazing content as always!
Ukrainian Latvianian polish Belarus and Jew what they did to the country holders as a Jew are the refugees not there land
now instead of the US making weapons we can make money manufacturing security arms. The US government pays people to manufacture war weapons, it&#39;s a huge biz...there will never be peace as long as so many people are profiting off war. We do need peace keeping mechanisms in place until the megalomaniacs are gone. not holding my breath - sorry.
Is this a misunderstanding or malicious intent: Demand a ceasefire not to the aggressor but to the victim?
Settled whatever poor Zelenskyi say Trump and Vance had to make him crazy, greedy, disrespectful. Nothing from this are true, I think Trump and Vance actually acted disrespectful and not fair, what if your country get attacked and someone like Trump say ;end this war because there are people dying; no matter that you country get attacked you have to accept peace deal and give your territory to attacker and sing some deal which guarantee you nothing? Trump is maybe better president than Biden in peaceful time but now he fall this exam.
pathetic circus made for and by wimps! shame on you!
does JD have a brain!?!?!??!?!?
Zelensky looks confused and like he is on drugs.
@ I’m not American nor am I very up-to-date on political issues, so my (humble) comment is purely about their demeanour from what I could see here… It seems a bit baffling to me that the two people leading the world’s superpower are this short-tempered. And, especially since Zelenskyy put out a statement thanking them after this, my heart aches at what is seemingly his willingness to be humiliated (and, frankly, to kiss their asses) in order to get much needed help for his people and country. Again, I’m a cocooned 22-year-old, but am very saddened that, to me, it seemed like not once did Trump and Vance’s comments seem to be out of genuine care for putting an end to a horrific war, but, instead, rage the moment they were confronted with a truth about their indifference about it…(Sorry, I’m resending this comment as I think I replied to myself the first time!)
Zelenskz showing his best side again i want we need you have and arrogance !
The irony of Vance churping up about diplomacy whilst destroying that attempted diplomacy is funny but also not really because these jokers ate in power.
59 german soldiers died, when the US was adventuring in Afghanistan. 250.000 afghan refugees are cared for by Germany, as a direct consequence of that war. Maybe its time, we send the USA the bill for that, too.
DT sounded kinda of like a leader  until he bashed Biden, lied again about the amount of money Europe gave and he gloated about himself. And He did Thank him before this meeting. Than Vance had to add his 2 cents.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2200">36:40  Uh, no, we don&#39;t have more natural gas than anybody in the world. We currently produce the most, but in terms of how much we have, we pale in comparison to Russia, Iran, and Qatar.
Coming from Germany. 🇩🇪 I am so happy that the worship for Seljenski is finally finished now!!!!!!
Zelensky had o.d
Kamala and her cackle
<a =":/6UkrDEnzIS8">:/6UkrDEnzIS8   👍
@ I heard everything—Zelensky refuted Vance by citing historical facts that demonstrate Putin’s dishonesty.
Ukraine was a fanatic ally of the Nazis and enemy of America during BOTH world wars! We must stop Ukraine from dragging us into &amp; instigating world war 3! Anyone who supports Ukraine is ignorant of Russian affairs and Eastern European history and history more generally.
Zelenskyy is an entitled dictator who thinks he can run roughshod over our current President and Vice President. News Flash Zelenskyy - the inept Biden administration no longer exists. You are now dealing with REAL leaders who are not afraid to say the hard things.
good meeting. truly we needed to see this!
Nothing much to say but JD vance you should learn how to speak you were talking to a president my man for me zelensky wasnt given enough chance to speak 😢
strange meeting between the President and a team of inadequate traders who accidentally got power
Zelensky did a mistake not speaking through an interpreter as he clearly isn&#39;t in great command of the english language and I think both the president and JD may have misunderstood what he really wanted to say because of it.
One thing is for sure... somebody caught them eye rolls
what is JD talking about … Zelensky did nothing but thank the president throughout the entire conversation he said god bless he said thank you he said hopefully the president will be able to stop it? he was respectful the entire time. then JD pulled out some authoritarian behavior and tried to condemn him like he was a three year old?
NO AMOUNT OF EVIDENCE WILL EVER PERSUADE AN IDIOT AND THERE IS NOTHING MORE CONCERNING THAN CONSENSUS IGNORANCE AND WILLFUL STUPIDITY, trump AND vance ARE A CLEAR EXAMPLE OF THAT IGNORANCE
Vance is such a tool. All  volodymyr zelensky was saying he doesn&#39;t trust another deal with Putin and Vance took it somewhere completely different. Talking about saying thank you. He needs to sit back and let the big boys talk.
Who is the idiot that is alway clapping and laughing ! On the back ground.
Just like you hate Biden and you keep bringing him up
Thanks Trump, wel lekkere wijven in het Oost-blok😊
;Everybody knows there are rules during the war;  yet there are many videos of Ukrainian soldiers killing captured Russian soldiers.
@ Are we watching the same video? I’m neither American nor European, as an Asian, I find him very rude and disrespectful inside another country’s house.
The most telling part is that they actually allowed Russian state controlled media into the Oval Office TASS to LIVESTREAM this while AP and Reuters were banned - Trump is a Russian asset and deserves life imprisonment at best
@@official_man01Trump wanted $500 Billion in rare minerals with no security gurantees that would lead to lasting peace Zelensky wanted.
Looks like the whole administration is a joke, America has became a meme
trumps body language is awesome throughout while Zelenskyy is feminine.
Who really wants to make peace in the world can do it, without empty conversation.
This Zelensky is world number one idiot of the centuries like Wazirx ceo Shetty
100%
Does anyone love the sound of their own voice more than Vance?
Thank you for posting this. It is important to see the whole thing before you pass judgement. For me the whole thing started around 16 mins in where a serious question is posed starting with, ;I just wanted to ask both of you.....; Trump responds, but when Zelensky goes to answer he&#39;s cut off (around 17.20). Trump then carries on with an obviously planted question and goes on to do what Trump does. He talks about himself magnificently!Thankfully Zelensky get a question all of his own. You can see he wants to answer the previous, important question, but no.....;Why don&#39;t you wear a suit?; I think this is the moment where he thinks no one is taking him seriously. Add to that the fatigue of war, travel and he is having to translate everything or have it translated. This puts you on the back foot constantly and is very draining. Had this been the first question (always start a show lighthearted) he could have answered what most of us know. He wears it in solidarity of his troops. The timing and delivery of the question prompts his (maybe) less than cordial, but humorous response. I do believe Trump will do what he says. Like him or loath him, he is the only &#39;politician&#39; that has ever delivered on a promise. I&#39;m sure the Mexicans are elated with their new body of water! He has divided opinion, but could make Europe great again. It is also evident that he is better at talking than listening. By the time it got to the guy wearing eye liner and brown lipstick (quite rightly) bringing up trying to solve the war with diplomacy Zelensky was too far gone. JD Sports started well, veered off into telling Zelensky how he should act, then came the churlish, ;did you say thank you...?; Later Zelensky is accused of telling them how they should feel, which is completely misinterperated, by Trump. Zelensky&#39;s English isn&#39;t great, but you get the gist of what he means which he then tries to clarify under Trumps tirade. He meant that the US would feel the impact if Putin is allowed to run rampant.Zelensky should have played it cooler however (easy for me to say) and he should know when to keep quiet. He&#39;s too close to it, but it was important for him to be seen with Trump. Evidently the Americans didn&#39;t like Zelenskys free speech, which as they say in the conference is very important to them. Trump was Trump. One day calling someone a dictator then next denying all knowledge of it (a ploy?). Through the self aggrandisation and Trump Trivia (or Fart Facts in Scotland) what he says makes sense. He can&#39;t disrespect Putin if he has to negotiate. Then again he can&#39;t hail Putin as a victim in front of a victim. Another trigger for Zelensky. JD Sports? The worst kind of slimy wannabe bully who fires his verbal catapult while hiding behind the big kid! A clever idiot.....in a suit!It seems like they did the press conference before the actual meeting and agreement which I think was a mistake. This should all have taken place behind closed doors. Facinating and frightening to see behind the scenes diplomacy in action in front of the worlds press! Staged? Trump is a showman, Zelensky an actor and JD Sports a proctologists dream. It was certainly great TV!If there is to be a next time, they all need to remember who they are dealing with and where they are. ...and no. Zelensky doesn&#39;t need to wear a suit!
No. No. You know what’s fkn “disgusting,” Trump, you and Vance who’ve never been in a war and yet here you both are turning the fkn tide ON A MAN IN WAR who handled himself way fkn better THAN YOU.
Trump is just like a fox don&#39;t believe him
;To save it wealth;? Really, you mean the trillions us tax payers paid to them without our consent?
the U.S. loves to pride itself on being this big leading, benevolent figure in the world, protecting peace and freedom. but when it comes time to support and protect allies, its all about the U.S. ;best interest; instead. awesome stuff
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1815">30:15  Jesus Christ, Donald. 🤦‍♂ Forget about Joe Biden. Grow up, man.
Yeah it’s crazy having an administration that actually has balls. Speaking the truth makes people uncomfortable. That’s what’s wrong with America. People wake up looking for something to offend them, but hate hearing the truth
Competent one :) making deal! :)
If I could dictate where my tax money is spent, I would happily dictate that it be spent on our defense against Russian aggression by financially supporting Ukraine&#39;s resistance against the Russian invasion.
JD Vance got schooled by President Zelensky
Useless idiot Trump once you are not supporting for Ugrain Automatically Russian won&#39;t be aggressive against Ugrain but Americans only ignite Ugrain against Russian but Ugrain President seems to be like a child but indian never supporting for interfere into Kashmir Affirs just entertain Americans monkeys so you facing the music
We all saw their true colors, and what a disgrace Trump is making of our country!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
the irony of trump voters saying this while having their welfare checks subsidized by the blue states.
Why is it that nobody brings up the coup in 2014, that put this clown in power, and the fact that they made laws against their own citizens based on race and language/ heritage, and the fact that they were bombing their own citizens for 8 years before Russia put a stop to it.   And the fact that Ukraine is full of nazis.  Then let&#39;s talk about Ukraine not only selling most of the weapons and military equipment that was shipped over there, but also the untold millions that went missing as well.  Let&#39;s talk about facts.  The only security guarantee they need is one that protects all citizens in Ukraine, not just the ethnic German descendants.
All he did was raise a few valid concerns. Am I missing something?
If he had worn a suit, they would have said to him, ;Why are you wearing a suit? You&#39;re at war. Your world is dying. You&#39;ve come as a groom.; That was pure diplomacy. You shouldn&#39;t have made such a big deal out of it, and I&#39;m surprised it got so many likes. Also, no one but Trump should have spoken to him like that. Although we think the most correct of the three is Putin, and then Trump.But on the same time Amrica is lucky to have Trump, let the man do the work.
You explained this so well, thank you!
@@JohnWilliamson-g5ywhat deal? Do you need Ukraine so badly ?
thre were no arguments only 2 fools attacking someone they ask to come in their country to supposedly help him end the war......crazy this bonehead is the president of one of the most powerful countries in the world....this is dark times
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky God bless those ppl affected and him! I am so glad we were able to see this!
You liberal idiot! Lol ​@@pr1nce.ca1eb
Trump underestimates Putin! When it comes to Russia, it&#39;s only a matter of time before things really explode - so Trump is a warmonger for a Third World War! And he doesn&#39;t recognize it...
He didn&#39;t though
Soytarı,katil ve hırsız amerika.
1- his attitude changed when the Polish reporter brought up that irrational trigger about the USSR times, which it’s a bit irrational at this point. I get it when it’s someone in the pub, but you can’t be that emotional when you’re a freaking president. He had been nodding for almost an hour and then triggered like a bipolar person. and 2- before the s*** hit the fan, he called the VP “suka” (the B word) on TV in the White House.
I don’t think you were paying attention. The US wants a ceasefire, and Zelensky went in there under that understanding. He then says repeatedly from the beginning that a ceasefire won’t work. Vance had to say something because Putin was watching. He had to say that this was only going to work with diplomacy, because Zelenskyy was acting like we’re going to help him win the war and that can’t happen without WW3.
they lowkey gang banged bro in the oval office 😂😂
The doomsday clock is ticking closer to midnight, just because JD Vance wanted another &#39;thank you&#39;
@@UYT7715Flower I counted them, he said thank you 6 times. Watch the whole video, fool.  The first thing he said was thank you. And he repeated that same throughout the the audience.
What genocide bro, since Israel came, Palestine population it’s bigger x3
Why doesn&#39;t Trump speak publicly to Putin on TV? Neither of them have the balls for it? 🥚🍳🥚
Raw earth , digging digging digging the earth
Zelensky is good at telling lies. When he said that Putin wants to destroy Ukrainians, no one asked why Russia has taken in a large number of Ukrainians. Why aren’t Ukrainian authors banned in Russia? Why is it possible to speak Ukrainian freely in Russia?
respect zelensky
JD almost train wreaked that meeting
It’s hard, English is Zelensky’s second language and Trump doesn’t seem to be able to speak it clearly at all.
People totally ignoring how contentious and undermining Zelensky was throughout the interview.
Zelensky you are talking about war rules in a country which is supporting genocide in Palestine!!!
Trumps trying to stop the war. Is that really a bad thing.
The opening statement of President Trump was enough to end this meeting. Unfortunately, the stress of the war and killing of the people of Ukraine made President Zelensky to make statements he shouldn’t have made. Simply use emotional intelligence and just appreciate the US for the support and reinforce the need to stop the war. Express your willingness to negotiate and don’t make any comments on President Putin. This was the best time to make a case, but it ended unfavorable for Ukraine. I can understand President Zelensky dealing with the stress and frustration of the war. But he should have controlled his emotion.
Zelenskyy didn&#39;t say anything wrong, but boy did he say it in the wrong room. It was the lack of self restraint in front of the media, even though Trump gave him an out, that triggered the fight.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1440">24:00 That is where Trump starts getting agitated and the meeting starts to go off the rails. Zelenskyy had the temerity to correct Trump. How dare Zelenskyy to do that! 🙄 Trump&#39;s narcissism gets insulted and now he&#39;s angry. You can see it in his body language. But what&#39;s Zelenskyy supposed to do, just sit there and listen to Trump say things that aren&#39;t true, spinning things in Russia&#39;s favor? Nope. Zelenskyy had to speak up. Trump doesn&#39;t want to talk about security, because then he&#39;s on the hook for when Russia breaks the agreement. They never keep agreements. Zelenskyy is so correct. He knows because he has lived through it. Trump lives in a bubble and doesn&#39;t really care about Ukraine. He just wants a &#39;deal&#39;, so he can boast about it over and over. This is Trump.
Drump not normal !
This meeting was going great.  There are differences between Zelenskyy and Trump, but neither of them were stupid enough to bring up the differences (except in mild reference) during the meeting.  The meeting started downhill when JD Vance jumped in after President already wrapped the conversation up smoothly.   JD -- SLOW DOWN BUDDY.JD -- SHUT UP!   GROW UP!  You&#39;ve already BLOWN UP a great meeting!!!!  Idiot.  there will be no President Vance 🤑🤐🤨Other than JD Vance - the meeting still ended peacefully.
Be more thankful. Lick my boots and be grateful. This is absolutely Horrendous
That’s a disgrace of these two American people, dictatorsZelenskyy is not wrong
Zelensky is beating round the bush.  Zelensky says that the rare earth deal is not enough.  He wants a security guarantees from the US before he signs the deal.  Just as Zelensky fell a prey to Boris Johnson in Istambul  so now he has fallen a prey to Macron and Starmer.  Vance intervened when Zelensky questioned Putin&#39;s credibility and that was right.  Trump is clear that the rare earth&#39;s deal has to preceed the ceasefire or a peace deal.The bout was not started by Vance.  Instead it was Zelensky who went on to question the meaning of diplomacy and here the conversation turned upside down.  Zelensky along with his European partners do not believe that this war can be ended by diplomacy.  They are hell bent on deciding it on the battle field.  So be it is what Trump said.Vance helped Trump conclude the press conference.  It also brought out the hipocracy of Zelensky and the west.  My question is why did Zelensky come to Washington if he was not ready to sign the deal without security guarantees from the US.  Macron and Starmer came to Washington to make Trump agree to a security guarantee.  Once Zelensky would have got it he would have flown back without signing the deal.  Trump did not fall a prey to this bait.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=703">11:43 Trump is so gross here
JD Vance is an Idiot and should be called a Clown
the problem is that Trump can&#39;t offer a protection as Zelensky need. He would like to because of ;minerals; but it won&#39;t pass in congress
Dressed as a shlub and called JD ;suka; (Ukrainian for bi*ch)yeah... Trump isn&#39;t a pushover like Biden was. Vlod can go F himself right out the door.
Yeah get Vance out of there he’s a fkup
Zelensky, a real man! What all men should aspire to be. I hope to shake his hand one day.
Of course, Putin will never brake a deal with Trump!! Who, but those two know about the truth about the real deal better. Here it is!! Trump: Get me in White House, Putin: Not only I will put you in White House, if you let me occupy  Europe , I will make you  King of USA.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Putin wants this war to end? Great! Have him order his boys to pack up and leave. Why is our President acting like this is complicated? Russia invaded Ukraine. They don&#39;t want an end to the war, they want Ukraine. Sure, they&#39;ll sign a peace deal if it gives them land or Zelenskyy&#39;s resignation (so they can attempt to prop up a pro-Russia President), but that isn&#39;t because they want peace.
Always remember Trump is a business Man
What happened at the end there where Vance jumped in and intentionally ruined the peace talk (what’s in it for Vance) and then Trump jumps in… seen it thousands of times…. minds incapable of completing a conversation because the brain is riddled with psychological war it creates chaos it’s self-destruction a typical abuse class would teach them they clearly know nothing about. They’re not comfortable in their own skin. Trump and Vance shouldn’t be leading this fkn meeting at all Vance should have shut the fk up.
Such a shame this went down hill so fast. It started off so good other than the suit question of course cos we all know wearing a suit is more important than preventing world war 3. Other than that JD needs to be sacked off. He didn&#39;t like the diplomacy response from Zelensky and his big ego got in the way. Way out of line! I think after that Trump could only double down and side with JDs ego and just became a complete playground in seconds. Keep your guy on a leash please Trump.
This reminds me a lot with America and Russia during WW2. Russia would&#39;ve got swallowed by Germany if it wasn&#39;t for American help. Yet they became our enemies. I feel like this maybe a eastern European mentality. ;We have more casualties so we have more ethical credit and we are in the right;
Utter humiliation to Ukraine, this interview has told one think, whatever you do try stand your own feet otherwise humiliation remains.
They both look at each other multiple times. Trump even complimented his outfit when that other asshole insulted it. Regardless, they&#39;re not speaking in a 1:1 scenario. They are speaking to the entire world.
This is awesome 😎
President Zelensky every people like they can get good like you have to friend with each president and don&#39;t fight each country&#39;s and people every innocent people like to get good future this my kind request because I&#39;m also suffering
In my opinion Trump and Putin are playing a game with zellunsky infact they have played to occupy rare Earth minerals because in nearer past Afghanistan gave em tough time and chine and Russia still talking about afghans rare earth minerals Ukrainian war was pre planned by putin and American establishment A lot of people are claiming that Trump is against the American establishment. But he is still alive and talking and Imran khan is in the prison why That&#39;s totally a lame Thank you
Forty-nine total minutes of conversation, and aside from the stupid suit question, it was generally respectful until Vance had to chime in with that tomfoolery in the last 10 minutes.
frm the soviot, betray yours family, no one shall think U is normal
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
泽连斯基这个糊涂蛋，凭实力错了无数和平的机会，这是一场赌博，现在越是支持乌克兰，最后乌克兰会失去的越多。要懂得及时止损。
Any idiot can see Zelenskyy was Full of it. His facial expressions and body language tell you he was waiting to pull a fast one.
As he keeps conscripting them  via ambush vans
The most heartbreaking interview 😔
Loved the content, keep it coming!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2666">44:26 Don&#39;t argue with President Donald J Trump...$350,000,000,000.On your own? WTF
Man I kind of love this guy lol
I&#39;m 20 minutes in, and I&#39;ve seen 6 ads. It&#39;s really annoying.
I must say, I am deeply disappointed by the lack of political education and the apparent disrespect shown by President Trump and Senator Vance toward President Zelenskyy. Throughout the interview, President Zelenskyy remained composed, respectful, professional, and honest—qualities that truly highlight his strength as both a leader and a human being.He is under immense pressure, defending his country and people from a tyrant, and yet he maintains his dignity. He deserves empathy and respect for the difficult position he’s in. It&#39;s hard not to feel vicarious embarrassment watching the way these leaders approached him, given his professionalism.President Zelenskyy is a great leader, and he deserves to be treated with the respect and understanding that any leader in such a critical role warrants. The arrogance displayed by some of the individuals involved is truly troubling. It seems as though their focus is more on personal gain rather than genuine support for Ukraine’s struggle.My respects go to President Zelenskyy for his resilience in facing such questions and the low standards of conduct.
;I don&#39;t play cards, Mr. President, I play the piano.;
actor is just actor！
That Vance guy is his own problem he shouldn’t be there he fkn interfered he has no fkn business talking about the frontlines as he’s not there
Two fucking cowards against a war hero.
Focus-grouped manufactured look. Incredibly disingenuous to dress up like that for 3 years straight.
@benc.3128  I&#39;m not your ;brother;. We might both be humans, but do not call me ;brother;. We are not brothers. We share the same species, that&#39;s it.
JD Vance sit down
Trump’s so-called ;peace offer; to Ukraine is nothing more than a surrender wrapped in golden paper. And all of it stems from one core reason — fear. Fear of Russia, fear of Putin, fear of real power.Because true power doesn’t count pennies, nor does it bargain with its allies. True power sets the rules.Trump’s America is not leading — it’s retreating. And this is not ;America First; — this is America Afraid.
How did this jew even dare to come and ask for any help? He doesnt want peace!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1280">21:20  Again, Trump shows that he doesn&#39;t know Russia or Putin. He says ;Russia won&#39;t want to go back;. Zelenskyy is shaking his head at the stupidity. Russia will take the time to rearm. They will attempt to undermine the Ukrainian government and elections. Then, when there is a pretext to invade, real or imagined, they will try to take the country again, as quickly as possible next time around. Trump is so incredibly naive when it comes to Russia. He&#39;s not a student of Russian history. He&#39;s walking right into Putin&#39;s trap. Ukraine needs NATO, full stop. That is the only thing that will keep Putin out of Ukraine.And at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1293">21:33, who in hell is asking questions here? This kind of praise coming from a journalist is sick. They are there to get information, not score points with a president and spread partisan propaganda. Who vetted these &#39;journalists&#39;? This presser seems rigged.
That Vance guy is his own problem he shouldn’t be there he fkn interfered
@@rw2452 Zelensky&#39;s not threatening to attack the US. He&#39;s saying that if Trump gives Putin what he wants, it will embolden that little rat and eventually he will go after something that will threaten US security.
;We look forward to digging, digging, digging.; In other words, we won&#39;t help you unless you give us all your raw earth.
Trumps a joke to society, I hope zelenskyy is okay after this. Trump doesn&#39;t know how to man up
I am no fan of Trump nor Zelensky i think both are idiots. But Trump will soon undertand his mistake here. Zelensky is not an individual but representing a country and therefore deserves respect else its direspect to whole nation of Ukraine. Trump is dilusional and behaving like Thanos. 😂
І так хочеться, щоб в цей момент сорому, в кабінет влетів Капітан Америка і надавав поганцям по щам!!!!
Zelensky did screw up by not going there to sign the mineral deal but instead used it as an opportunity to press Trump in front of the media for long term security. Poor decision making to lecture Trump on something all Americans know
The only true and democratically elected president was Zelensky and not Trump🐒A shame for America and democracy <a ="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/hcIfY57lBJXp6AKBx4CoCA">
У нас закрыты границы,и мы не выходим на улицу....!!!!!!разве Зеленский не диктатор?мы хотим мира
My deepest respect for the actual president of the USA  Mr. Donald Trump.  No words for the ukranian side.
Now go back and count how many time Mr.Zalensky said Thak You, before he was accused of not doing so in this meeting!!! Boooo
This was very informative, appreciate it.
do you want world war 3 to happen?
This meeting with questions went on too long. Should have been 30 mins tops. Everything that needed to be said was said up to that point. Went on too long. Passions and antagonistic energy starts to brew. And for the dipshit journalist who asked if Zelenskyy owned a suit, that guy needs to have his clearance revoked needs black listed for disrespecting the sanctity and etiquette of official press releases during a time of war. Tasteless, insulting, and bottom of the barrel tactless distracting, disgusting behavior from a journalist honestly.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I love Trump ❤
The media needs to show the entire interview for context
As Trump said, Do you want world war 3 to happen?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2491">41:31 “nobody stopped him” yup there’s the backup of my previous comment there it is the proof in the pudding. Ukraine is being set up by all of them.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Trump is SO stupid.
It´s not surprising why the Spaniards are for the fascist Zelensky, when you yourself have had a fascist in power for so long Francisco Franco
I am not a Zenlensky fan but you Mr President and your side kick Vance are 2 ignorant cowardly gauchos you sure are big guys.
Zelenskyy is on Coke 100%
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1230">20:30  ;I&#39;m not concerned with security;. Holy cow, Mr. President. That is the one thing that Ukraine wants, more than ending the war. Trump doesn&#39;t even know what one side wants. He&#39;s oblivious to the most important part of a deal. He ;just wants a deal;. Unbelievable. 🤦‍♂
@ Ant that they could’ve handled this much better instead of attacking each other.
Amazing content as always!
embarrassing!  I&#39;m a US citizen by the way.
@ Let’s just agree that they both went a little too far.
Trump is rude calling peoples&#39; questions ;dumb; and saying something seriously then say he&#39;s ;just kidding;.  He has no class or integrity. He is so egotistical! He always brings up Biden to smear him rather talking about THE ISSUES at hand, Trump is stuck in the past and sends out complaints of the past  ... what a baby! . Boy, ;One America News; are Trump&#39;s ego pumper, no hard questions from them. Putting is a thug and Trump is feeling sorry for him. ;I&#39;ve stopped many wars;. Trump is such a liar!  Vance ugly.  Trump doesn&#39;t have any nuances and Trump is disrespectful. Zelensky said ;thank you; right off the bat.
zelinky arguement was, the US diplomacy, under Trump, wont worth shit. unless they give give give to the green Tshirt. thats his arguement, in the diplomatic office of the US, against the current president of US.
WHAT IF HE BREAKS THE CEASE FIRE IS A VALID QUESTION and of course you deflect and go back to propagnada about former president ljke nobody cares trump. We care abojr the reason you say youre there to stop the war. Enough facade. Lets actually stop the war. Save people who cares ahout your self seeking motives trump.
America has never got a better president like Trump
It all looks as if Zelensky originally planned to beg for weapons, and the fossil deal is just an excuse for a visit. Trump needs a peace deal, not Zelenskiy, he made this clear when he said that Putin has already violated agreements and will break them again, clearly hinting that the issue should be resolved by force, not diplomacy
It&#39;s funny how cspan has a thumbnail with them smiling and all other channels show the actual look tgey had the whole time lmao
What a fucking joke, trump is talking out his ass and lying as usual, he has no idea what he is talking about. “Raw earth” 😂 he means rare earth elements. the eu has in fact given more money to ukraine in aid than the usa has and thats just a statistical fact that can easily be looked up. Trump cant stop stroking his own ego and talking about the past long enough to answer any questions
@@artsycraftystudio Right, he&#39;s not a role model either.
I cannot agree more with President Trump. Ukraine does not have a chance to win this pointless war. If it wasn&#39;t for U.S. support, they would have lost in the first two weeks. Us, USA citizens should not have to continue supporting this pointless war. Ukraine has to be willing to give up and compromise. It is sad that Russia invaded, but remember that Gorbachev verbally expressed that after the dissolution of USSR, no eastern country would join NATO.
Hes saying cease fire has not worked becuae putin continues to do it. And does not play by the rules.  Hes not asking for mych. Zelensky was calm and communicative and vice president took it to a heated level. Then trump and him just spoke over him. Yes he said thank you. Yes vp was speaking loudly to create a narrative. That was played. You wanted to create a conflict to play this out. I saw early on that this was headed there with little chips and pokes.
Putin is a killer and a terrorist and he does need to be stopped. Truth telling isn’t moronic.
Why not ask him if he’s wearing designer socks and curling his eyelashes? Why not ask him if he likes country music the grand, old Opry and rap and hip-hop why not ask him questions that are irrelevant towards what’s going on in his country? Because it is a relevant to ask him what he’s wearing especially when he’s under so much stress he’s not thinking about his hairdo. He’s not thinking about getting a manicure. … these people are so out of touch they’re focusing on their next meal at McDonald’s and their necks, pedicure and manicure and their next visit at the spa and masseuse.
Zelensky called Vance the B word in Ukrainian/Russian before he called him disrespectful. <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2566">42:46-<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2568">42:48. If I hear it, Trump and Vance could too.
The man is at war ! He would be more comfortable in fatigues, not expensive suits  and shoes while his brothers and sisters are being murdered by invaders !!
I have never seen in my life on a television on the meeting of two presidents this type of ganging up on a person. Vice president is such a low of a human being that if I was a US citizen I would be very ashamed of having such a a** licker and phony person as a vice president. As for the Trump, basically because of the moronic vice president he got aggravated otherwise none of this talk would happen. Trump is not derived by patriotism or any of that, he has pure ambition which keeps on his drive function and as soon as Vance showed how good he was in a** licking same time he pressed on Trumps ambition and as every self oriented person would behave he set himself on the attacking position.Whatsoever, electing Trump for the second time can say a lot of  sad stuff about that percentage of nation. If to those ppl the most important stuff was kicking out the immigrants (immigrants who basically built that country) and hushing LGBTQ then truly, you deserve “THAT THING” as your president.
Zelenski don&#39;t like JD. Simple as that. Zelenski askes with an attitude and disrespectful when he addressed JD insted of Mr VP. And if  not deplomacy then what is he saying? To fight ??
<b>;shut the fck up, Donny!;</b>  - Walter
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1120">18:40  OMG, who is the fool who asked about a suit? His nation is at war. He&#39;s the commander in chief, akin to a soldier. That&#39;s why he isn&#39;t wearing a suit, you idiot. It&#39;s a statement of his brotherhood with the soldiers. Fools rush in. That man shouldn&#39;t even be in the room.
@@stanislavg.7903 No im saying it because no one should be defending Putin. He is a murder - have you forgotten Alexei Navalny dying of ;sudden death syndrome; in a russian prison?
this looks a bit staged,,
Its called RARE Earth moron!
Trumps slip of the tongue at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=515">8:35 about to say fetynal. What snake using the media to spread lies.
Doesn’t seem to matter when Musk dresses the same
Anyone who supports giving more money to Zelenskyy and Ukraine should donate their own money and stop expecting the taxpayers to fund this never ending war.
yea, standard narc move. You gotta be more thankful. Bam, this disadvantageous deals shall be your thankful guesture. actually no, you still werent thankful enough.
@@jonathanvales4635This is fake News by the fake news president donald Trump.
Why, are you lying bro, your wife sold children for organ!
Everything was okay, it went off the rails as soon as JD opened his mouth
..in figures, percentages and end-of-debt dates, I would have to correct them, so that the conviction would rise to normal levels.
Zelensky you want other people to fight your war😅..nobody wants war bro
You explained this so well, thank you!
Y ppl worried about a damn suit.. as long as he talks with some sense and can get his point across and mean good  y does it matter. What the fuck he wears?. Thats not even important here. And i guarantee they probably told him to dress casual
Зеленский даже здесь сидит под наркотиками. Посмотрите на его неадекватное выражение лица ! Россия вперёд 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
trump makes russia great again, miserable putin&#39;s doll
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1037">17:17. I just realized what Trump wants. He wants a Nobel prize, just like Obama got. Could this be his main motivator, to upstage Obama? Funnily, before that, Zelenskyy plays to Trump&#39;s narcissism, pointing at the wall, saying if he brings peace, Trump will be up there. There is a lot of psychology going on there. Zelenskyy, as much as Putin, and everyone else, knows that to get Trump to do what you want him to do, you play to his narcissism. It&#39;s Trump&#39;s Achilles heel.
This is disrespectful for US1. Zelensky want to have air defence may be F-352. Zelensky want have US Soldier in Ukraine to fight Russian3. Zelensky doesn&#39;t want mineral agreement 4. Zelensky said Russian must paid about 300 Billions Bill for US as the first country must paid it5. Zelensky give Europe about LNG and said Europe is more important than US. US have a Nice Oceans so why you are not just send your troops and get 350 billions by yourself6. Zelensky doesnt want ceasefire before get US security guarantees
First time in history of USA an American president (Trump) attempts to make deals with a dictator (Putin), instead of backing a democratic country in need.Freedom and liberty to Ukraine from Russia and its self-appointed Czar.Founding fathers must be turning in their graves.
​@@ClydeSimonSound Brainful takes here, as one would expect from a crotch shot pfp.
Something Trump can&#39;t provide because Trump is Putin&#39;s asset. How can a President be Patriotic if he&#39;s in a communist asset that is on the side of Russia and North Korea ? He was cornered with the Security Question and he expected Zelensky to except Trumps word was ;Gold;. He knew better it coming from an ;Unpatriotic Liar;.
It’s amazing to see some Americans still sympathize with Zelensky after he openly insulted their country in the media.
Zelensky body language amd attitude from the beginning is disrespectful....not ready for peace....
Trumpies your president is a yapping bozo. Holy hell if you think he talks sense, you probably dumber than he is.
Ask Chamberlain what the result of appeasement was.Crimea has been annexed by Russia previously, Russia invaded Ukraine. Russia (Putin) will not stop.
Idiot who asked about wearing a suit! JHC dipstick
idk what has been happening until this past in my tiktok fyp, but seeing the president of Ukraine with his body language is so sad, he is so humble and a true leader
Why do you think Zelensky is a despot? He desparately hopes to save his country. It was not his idea to make war. Even in the days before the Russian invasion he publically pretended to believe that Russia wouldn&#39;t attack the Ukraine.
Vance just made that meeting worst  Zelenskyy is just concern and wants to hear something that will make him feel safe what Putin might break again their agreement like he has in the past what’s wrong with him asking those questions poor guy for them to humiliate him like that on tv didn’t need to go there
Trump had answered that question already and he was pretty statist nodding all the time. There’s 2 things you might not realise. 1- his attitude changed when the Polish reporter brought up that irrational trigger about the USSR times, which it’s a bit irrational at this point. I get it when it’s someone in the pub, but you can’t be that emotional when you’re a freaking president. and 2- before Vance told him he was disrespectful and before the s*** hit the fan, he called the VP “suka” (the B word) on TV in the White House.
God bless = Zelenskyy&#39;s phrase meaning ;I hope to God this will never happen to you;. Anyone who has ever seen more than 3 interviews where Zelenskyy speaks English knows this. How can the US president and vice president be so unprepared to not know this wasn&#39;t a ;threat; by Zelenskyy?Yes, Americans feel safe. But that&#39;s an illusion. What do you think will happen when the world just lets Putin get away with his invasion? Doesn&#39;t punish him, even rewards him by trying to force Ukraine to make some sort of bad compromise. Other dictators will also start wars. Once we have lots of wars we&#39;ll have a worldwide recession. You think that won&#39;t affect the US economy? It&#39;ll be like 2008 but 10x worse.But leave it to lazy Trump to never have spent a minute thinking more deeply about this and then getting angry because he thinks Zelenskyy threatened him and that the US is invincible.
@ And then why did he come there at all, if Trump clearly indicated his position that he was going to resolve this conflict through diplomatic means. Is this the first time Zelensky has heard about this? Or did he think he would change Trump&#39;s mind? This is very strange
@@rw2452 Thanks for the replies and follow-ups. I&#39;m not convinced that&#39;s in the US&#39;s best interest, but maybe that&#39;s where we can agree to disagree.I do think even if that was the case: why were JDV and DJT so hostile and contemptuous of Zelensky? Why invite someone over to do a mineral deal and make a big public show of it and claim they&#39;re ungrateful? Why say you want to broker a peace deal at all?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=927">15:27. Trump doesn&#39;t like that. He doesn&#39;t see, or even want, Russia troops withdrawing from Ukraine. He recently said as much, that it wasn&#39;t possible. He knows Putin will not agree to that deal. Trump is willing to give eastern Ukraine to Russia just to get a &#39;deal&#39;. He&#39;s selling out Ukraine. Zelenskyy knows Trump said this too, so he&#39;s just playing along at this point, trying not to upset Trump, though he has to get the point across that Russians are on Ukrainian soil. Zelenskyy&#39;s walking a tight rope at this point in the meeting, trying to stand up for Ukraine while simultaneously attempting to not piss off Trump. Man, I&#39;d hate to be Zelenskyy there. It&#39;s like playing with dynamite. It figures that during a whole hour it would eventually erupt in an argument. I&#39;m surprise it lasted this long without.
When does it start changing. Cause im falling asleep trying to listen to trump Also trump is not there to help the man .just wants the mineral. Eventhough he came to discuss other things.? Is that my understanding
This was very informative, appreciate it.
The way zelensky keeps shaking his head everytime trump mentions peace tells you everything you need to know.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Clown
The President of Ukraine came  to the United States. They have suffered tremendously and are affected. Everyone wants peace. God bless them. And someone asked, ;Why he didn&#39;t wear a suit ?;
JD concerned about his prideTrump concerned about Biden Zelinsky concerned about his people 😢🙏🏽
@@TomSeliman99 The embarrassment is the Felon sitting there with his sidekick Vance.
Things were going well until JD opened his mouth.
The world around is blaming Trumph and sympathising zeelansky for all that ended this conference. But Trump was justified to claim that would not have allowed his war to start and Zeelansky has no justification to question that because the correct answer was that as he was stopping the war now. In fact Zeelansky was neither behaving nor using a parliamentry language as a president of a country but talked like a child repeatedly abusing president Putin at the floor of White house. However, the conference got biter when Zeelansky insisted to include security in the deal. Both the parties committed the mistake of holding the press conference before negotiating the deal and rather they were doing the stupidity of settlement of the deal through the conference.
Putin is a bully, as is Trump.  Trump&#39;s message to Zelensky: Appease the bully...Why? Because THAT&#39;S how Trump wants the rest of the world to act towards him. Just give the 13 year-old bully what he wants and everything will be okay.
Meanwhile putin watching this video with holding a chilled coke and popcorn in his hand
JD tweaking he fumbled the bag
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Also US and Europe put an inquiry and audit against Zelensky where all the supporting money goes..... With the help of Ukrainian officials..... May be he deposit all money in Russian banks
Great job, this video was very useful!
No journalist is asking Zelensky about the rare minerals deal.
You don’t have the cards sway! 😂
According to Trump? What trump is asking from him that he should capitulate. ​@@ratbonestudios2622
<a ="http:/results?search_query=%23stoptroumpble">#stoptroumpble
What a Jackass is Vance. Vance loves Putin for sure. Is Trump sure that Vance is not Russia&#39;s wolf ???
Trump&#39;s own mother have said ;dont make him a politician, - he is phsyco; and that dont ring a bell among you voters??????????
BRo wtf is wrong with NA
How do you make it in the White House as a reporter and ask a foreign diplomat why isn’t he wearing a suit like he’s out here in his underwear while we’re here to discuss ending a war?
Asking for money to keep your news unfiltered is wild your terrible people most un American thing of All time shame on you!
Vance the 💩 shit stirrer ..  ..  like the world isnt fragile enough without these jokers ;running; countries into the ground with greed and power. I  didnt sign up for this 💩
I loved how Very Stable Genius kept referring to rare earth minerals as ;raw earth, we don&#39;t have the raw earth.;
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
zelensky is a butcher of ukranians.
Why Vance was even talking.. absolute disgrace
Probably it would have been better for Selensky to discuss his points behind closed doors.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
President Zelensky said ;Thank you for...; four times and ;I appreciate...; as he touched his heart to add body language, then I stopped counting.Vice President Vance, do not point and use that tone. Pause, listen, understand, and respond if you choose to speak and interrupt two presidents at a conference.English is President Zelensky&#39;s third fluent language. Let&#39;s have empathy if we would like a synonym for ;loudly; because Vice President Vance raised his voice, pointed, and moved to the edge of his seat to explain that the President of Ukraine is not grateful for the ceasefire. Those of us with English as a first language might have said ;rudely; or ;irately,; and the passive-aggressive ones would have said ;with intense eye contact and one finger.;The President and Vice President must choose to improve their emotional intelligence. President Trump, yes, you wrote the bestseller ;How to Make a Deal,; but have you read ;How to Win Friends and Influence People;? Vice President Vance is going to make you look unpresidential and immature if you let him berate people who supported Kamala Harris which is irrelevant now, and he will derail you simultaneously.Please, get anger management to be global leaders now.
Trump going to be remember as the og president
This was super helpful, thanks!
How did the ;foreigner; disrespect them? These 2 bullies , trump and Vance are an embarrassment to your country. It&#39;s one thing to disagree, it&#39;s another to behave like school yard bullies.
What is lacking in this conversation is Zelensky mentioning that he is here to sign the deal Trump has designed.  So Zelensky has not come for signing the deal.  What Vance did was to bring him to the topic which Zelensky was side lining.
For starters. A flat NO to security guarantees. If Russia were to attack Ukraine, the US MUST get involved, and obvs one thing leads to another.Now remember awhile back, Ukraine shot a missile which ended up in Polish territory and LIED to the world pointing the finger to Russia. And again, Ukraine is a corrupt country, more corrupt that China.Can you REALLY trust a country to not lie to the world AGAIN, a corrupt country at that? What is stopping them from lying again to push the US into a war with Russia?And finally, Nordstream. My top two suspects are still US and Ukraine. An attack on infrastructure could happen again at the hands of both parties. Where do we go from here?I&#39;m sorry, considering where Ukraine ranks on the corruption index, and lied about the Polish missile event, I do not trust them with security guarantees.
Eyeliner wearing ass VANCE said “We believe in Free Speech for the American people, BUUTTT Donald Dumb Duck is signing an Executive order to control the FCC and wants to fire or sue ANYONE on the airwaves who speaks the damn truth!!!! And did he just point out “CNN’s ratings?????” Wtfffff
Trump is UNBEARABLE to listen to. It&#39;s straight up torture. I feel SO BAD for Zelenski.
@SchoolVideosGoHere   Trump is pulling out of Europe/Ukraine conflict with Russia. He stated that he&#39;s going to focus more on the American economy instead of national conflicts, cutting the military budget in half and wants a new nuclear disarmament deal. Looks like Europe has to start picking up Zelensky&#39;s tab.
@@ClydeSimonSound What peace deal? Trump and Vance were just mad that Zelensky didn&#39;t sign a deal that didn&#39;t include security guarantees but included stealing half of the money from Ukraine which is valued trillion of dollars.
I have deeply respect and honour for President Zelensky how dignified he is to his people and his country.
@@ClydeSimonSound He thinks putin won&#39;t honor any peace agreement. Trump providing more aid would discourage putin.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
;George Washington, Abraham Lincoln;. 🤣🤣🤣 Any other president would say, ;That&#39;s for history to decide&#39;. But Trump leapt at the chance to compare himself to the best, even though a compilation of rankings at Wiki has him very close to the bottom. That was his narcissism taking over, at the drop of a hat. That was a real laugher. Trump is such a 🤡.;You know I&#39;m only kidding; is an afterthought, once his real thoughts are revealed. It&#39;s an &#39;out&#39; for him, after planting the seed that he&#39;s the greatest. This is typical Trumpian behavior. We&#39;ve seen this &#39;out&#39; stuff over and over. God, he never stops patting himself on the back. It&#39;s hilarious.
Something worthy of note is that every time Trump talks about how the previous administration was useless there is not a word of protest from Zelensky.Whatever this man wants from the USA, clearly what the Biden administration has done is not anywhere near enough.Trump&#39;s diplomacy skills maybe lacking but Zelensky is a parasite and warmonger without a single diplomatic bone in his body.He is the lesser of three evils but he is a dangerous despot in his own right.
@ Yeah, that’s what I noticed, it started off good and then for some reason it just went off the rails.
Dude, he wasn&#39;t threatening him. He was warning them that this shit spreads. What do you think is going to happen when you go easy with a dictator who invaded his neighbors? Other dictators will see there&#39;s no consequences and do the same. When there&#39;s lots more wars in the world, do you think it will not cause economic problems for the US? That is why he said this about the nice ocean. Of course there will be no other military invading the US anytime soon. So it seems you&#39;re safe, right? But when there&#39;s a worldwide recession because everyone else is at war, the US will also go into recession. Think for 3 minutes! You want 2008 back?
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
спасибо большое за такие слова про нашего президента Зеленского!
Thank you for the great content!
There are solid 15 minutes missing from the original broadcast before this video began
He spoke to Putin “ a couple of days ago”!! He said PUTIN had to suffer—- while Zelensky just told him that  20,000 children were STOLEN and their names were changed BUT PUTIN SUFFERED THROUGH A F***ING RUMOR??????!!!! This is who people voted for??????? I’m sick to my damn stomach!!!!
My friend from Romania went with a team of neighbors to get a project done in Ukraine, this was in 2003 upon crossing the border to Romania on the way back, the border cops knew about their situation and threatened to kill the with that Ak47 if they don&#39;t pay up, so each ended paying 850 euro in order to get back. 850 euros  in 2003 was like 5000 euros today. Bloody greedy and corrupt Ukrainians, I hear from plenty Ukrainians that had to pay hefty fees as well in order to cross border into other countries
American president is 100% right here, support from India....
Украина была ядерной страной, они ее разоружали и Америка и Россия должны были стать гарантом безопасности. Россия нарушила, и вся помощь Америки сейчас, это ее обязательства, а не помощь в долг!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
That was the wrong place and time to undermine our President&#39;s position. He did it in front of our news media. He basically said ;your idea is bad. We need more money and weapons.; It was disrespectful.
<a =":youtube.com/@varshagupta3565?si=pPjA_w_44jHqIwYP">:youtube.com/@varshagupta3565?si=pPjA_w_44jHqIwYP
Seeing this kind of behavior from my elected officials makes me feel genuinely ashamed. But seeing an allegedly grown man get red faced at not being able to fire the leader of a sovereign nation helps to lift my spirits a bit.
Trump is really a gineus. People who badmouth him didn&#39;t understand the root of that war..
JD vance is immature and temperamental. He couldnt have diplomacy in the room and he is making tall conviction about diplomacy to stop the war.
Zelensky wow you had your shot in blew it.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
It was weird. It was a relatively polite conversation for a while until it suddenly didn&#39;t.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=724">12:04, again Trump is full of it. As a percentage of GDP some European countries have given more than the U.S. You can&#39;t expect some of the poorer nations, such as Portugal, for example, to be able to give as much. But Sweden, Netherlands, Poland, Britain, and I believe now France, have all given more than the U.S. Trump acts like we are making this unproportional sacrifice. We aren&#39;t. In fact, weapon-wize, what was given has been almost entirely old stock, due for recycle. It actually saves us money to send them to Ukraine because then we don&#39;t have to recycle them. Man, the dishonesty coming out of Trump is sometimes ridiculous.
As an American this exchange between Trump/Vance and Zelenskyy is embarrassing. A whole lot of gibberish from our end.
What  a clown zelensky is. He has banned the russian othordox church imprisoned journalists banned the russian language and jailed political opponents. Little dictator.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1054">17:34 “I hope I’m going to be remembered as a peacemaker” (-Trump) Some pitch and he failed that breath in the same meeting he exhaled it when he bullied Zelenskyy. As zero intention mere lip service.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1564">26:04 “He (Putin) hates Ukrainians. He thinks we aren’t a nation.” (-Zelenskyy) And there we have it the keyword the actual reason for the war, Russia and all democracies (as democratic nations didn’t do anything beforehand to stop the war the excuse being they didn’t have jurisdiction what a major setup obviously from both Putin and democratic nations in agreement making it out that way) are trying to force Ukraine into submission for a system (Re “nation”), with the U.S. making it look like Ukraine’s coming out on another end when really it’s the same fkn pipe dream. So it’s not about “hating Ukrainians,” that’s a nursery school understanding intentionally stated to keep him distracted.Ultimately, these are NOT “peacekeeping” countries. NONE OF THEM ARE. Especially as he is MADE to beg for “security guarantee” it’s fkn ridiculous. What fkn democracy is that. These ARE out for absolutely fkn nothing especially that fkn stupid AI.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
so many of the people replying here are Entirely misinterpreting what goes on here, are we seeing Different Videos or something? zelensky is not obligated to beg the US and call trump daddy if he wants to not have his country destroyed in a bloody land grab, he Literally did nothing insulting and vance was like ;YKNOW.. ITS DISRESPECTFUL... WHY ARENT YOU LIKE... THANKING US FOR OFFERING A CEASEFIRE WHICH GETS YOU NONE OF YOUR LAND BACK... WHICH PUTIN HAS ALREADY VIOLATED BEFORE.. WHICH WE WONT SECURE...;, there was some semblence of a possibility with trump, but vance is just genuinely so braindead it ruined the entire thing
Putin listens to trump . That&#39;s why he won&#39;t attack again .
Congratulations to CSpan for being #3 on trending with this video at the time I&#39;m watching it.  I bet that doesn&#39;t happen often.
I love how Z corrected inaccurate statements about Europe and his country and wouldn’t allow the false narrative to play out. Thank God he kept his cool while being disrespected
Did he just say he stopped wars that no one has heard about???? I CAN NOT with this goofy MF!!!!! He is dumb dumb dumb AF!!!!
Reporting on the change of soldiers and children who were held by Russia when this is what Israel has been doing to civilian hostages. Children, women and men tortured, killed, raped and returned changed. And America and the western ignore this over the last 77 years. Disgusting.
@<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1125">18:45 That&#39;s the most disgusting question whoever that reporter is. The President is at war, i feel like it&#39;s intentional to provoke him 😠 ! President Zelensky did a great job for answering this STUPID question! Freedom for Ukraine!
I&#39;m sorry but JDV should have just kept his mouth shut
Shame on you Trump and JB
He’s in a war….. he needs to look humble not flash, and that’s why he does not wear a suit.
@ he literally has been walked over 25 times this decade. It takes one google search. Of course he wants a guarantee. Jesus
Commie-publicans
The American people and the White house getting disrespected by a foreigner and then the woke left are still defending the foreigner, the woke left is really stupid! we really have a problem with this country. Let&#39;s fix our country first before we try siding with Zelensky and the Europeans. America first!
I&#39;m all up for world security but the way Trump administration spoke to the Volodymyr Zelensky was disgusting. That was so unprofessional and bullying people won&#39;t get you anywhere, America talks about helping people and their countries but forgets they won&#39;t be in the position they are currently in if it wasn&#39;t for it allies helping them in the first place. They going to lose alot of respect from other countries and support with this attitude if they carry on like this.
Zelenskyy wanted something for nothing and ended up with nothing
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Fortunately C-Span showed the whole thing vs clips and voice overs. Refreshing.
Ukraine
I&#39;m just gonna say this.... when a man defending his family is told, you don&#39;t feel any pain now, but you will;. As a father that is a threat against our lives... when a cop is told by a criminal&#39; ;you don&#39;t feel pain now but you will;. That is a threat towards that officer. Zelinskey just said to vance, ;you don&#39;t feel it now but you will; he threatened him, trump and the USA. Justified actions from trump/vance. Protect the usa like any father would protect his family.....
@@pr1nce.ca1ebi&#39;m sorry free speech is scary
We actually have real men as leaders now
Zelensky did a head shake no at 44 seconds in when Trump mentioned rare earth. Hi body language is so telling throughout this entire meeting.  He is an extremely entitled, arrogant little man.
JD Vance is an idiot!
@@TDawg-but-whitecontinually asking about security guarantees, something idiotic that would cause WW3.
I&#39;m extraordinarily proud of Trump and Vance.
You go to the front lines then clownboy
Trump is pushing for end of death, zelensky refuses it to keep making money for himself and his handlers. You really needed to write ur stupid little essay for what? This issue is simple af
At <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=700">11:40, on LNG. That is one of the main reasons Putin wants control of Ukraine. He doesn&#39;t want Ukraine supplying Europe with gas. He wants to supply it himself. You see, Ukraine not long ago discovered a lot more gas. There is lots of money underground in Ukraine and Putin wants it. Taking Ukraine is in part a business move, to control the gas market.
You are so wrong and an embarrassment
@@MrGarymuldoon You have ZERO proof of that.
Great job of Trump&#39;s and Vance’s Diplomacy in avoiding the Third World War (WW3) and rescuing the world from nuclear Catastrophe, which first-ever sky heights America&#39;s position to a global peace system over to solving international crises through diplomatic and peaceful measures, rather than going for an atomic destructive WW3 and protecting Europe &amp; Parts of Russian and other parts of the world to be radioactive ash. Zelensky is walking in the wrong way and has no return rather than putting Europe in catastrophe; there are no wins here... until and unless we stop this war game. From Trump’s actionable diplomacy, this war game is ending now...great job TRUMP,..great job TRUMP Great Job !!. This world loves you for avoiding nuclear/hydrogen-bombed catastrophic WW3 . Trump&#39;s “America&#39;s First” poses a fundamental shift that drives America from a war gambling mindset to putting forward a tangible and sustainable international peace and diplomacy system, solving most critical NATO-Russian conflicts and safer global issues quite peacefully rather than militarily. Now, ending the Ukraine-Russian conflicts creates a win-win takeaway for Europe and the international peace system, European self-reliance to much-needed safety &amp;  security agreement and peaceful co-existence with  Russia, and saving Europe from economic damages any further than fueling this war game!!!. At this point, Trump must deserve the Nobel Peace Prize. Trump is doing a Great job!!! Trump is doing great!! We Love you a lot……………. You are the last action hero for bringing world peace and kicking out the war game no more. We would say that Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for saving Europe from the verge of extinction &amp; destruction. God Bless Trump &amp; Vance .
Great job of Trump&#39;s and Vance’s Diplomacy in avoiding the Third World War (WW3) and rescuing the world from nuclear Catastrophe, which first-ever sky heights America&#39;s position to a global peace system over to solving international crises through diplomatic and peaceful measures, rather than going for an atomic destructive WW3 and protecting Europe &amp; Parts of Russian and other parts of the world to be radioactive ash. Zelensky is walking in the wrong way and has no return rather than putting Europe in catastrophe; there are no wins here... until and unless we stop this war game. From Trump’s actionable diplomacy, this war game is ending now...great job TRUMP,..great job TRUMP Great Job !!. This world loves you for avoiding nuclear/hydrogen-bombed catastrophic WW3 . Trump&#39;s “America&#39;s First” poses a fundamental shift that drives America from a war gambling mindset to putting forward a tangible and sustainable international peace and diplomacy system, solving most critical NATO-Russian conflicts and safer global issues quite peacefully rather than militarily. Now, ending the Ukraine-Russian conflicts creates a win-win takeaway for Europe and the international peace system, European self-reliance to much-needed safety &amp;  security agreement and peaceful co-existence with  Russia, and saving Europe from economic damages any further than fueling this war game!!!. At this point, Trump must deserve the Nobel Peace Prize. Trump is doing a Great job!!! Trump is doing great!! We Love you a lot……………. You are the last action hero for bringing world peace and kicking out the war game no more. We would say that Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for saving Europe from the verge of extinction &amp; destruction. God Bless Trump &amp; Vance .
@@lenalou56no. Trump was already pissed. As soon as Zelenskyy disrespected him by directly contradicting him about the levels of European aid versus American aid, Trump was done. You can see it on his face WELL before Vance said anything.
Zelensky is anything but humble.
And then, how will Zelensky push for peace? Or does he want to convince Trump to provide more weapons under the pretext of a peace agreement?🤔
The lady from CCN actially had good questions, to be fair. Theyre definitely tanking, but the question was deserving.
Did Zelenskyy even get to eat lunch or did he get kicked out hungry and victim shamed by the orange clown and his yapping poodle?
zelenskyy is getting rich and ukrainean people are suffering but only the poor one cause the rich one&#39;s are out of the country and they are doing good.... zelenskyy don&#39;t want to end the war , he doesn&#39;t care about the people...
The folowing 2 previous &#39;redacted` publications makes the whole Dutch Government of which Chief head of NATO MARK RUTTE WAS PM FOR FOR 12 YEARS!!, And current pm ex chief intelligence, orotector of pedos at least:Argos - Het verhaaI van Lisa Argos - Glasscherven en duistere rituelen Rutte tought his NATO job give him immunity in the case of <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23aachboun">#Aachboun which is another link to Demming akd the rolodex case! the department justice and safty has a known trackrecord of 40 years PROTECTING PEDOS&#39;S!
You did NOT give them 350billion. You mostly gave them old weapons and ammo that were due for recycling (which is very expensive) in a few years anyway. You then bought yourself shiny new weapons for 100-something billion from your own defense industry, creating jobs for Americans. And then you turned around and pretended that the price you paid was the value of the old stuff.Meanwhile, Europe does not have as many old weapons lying around and can&#39;t cheat like this, so they had to give mostly real money. And still gave more than the US, even if we take the US value at face value. Europe has paid about 60% of the total war effort.And you need to compare not small countries with large ones. You don&#39;t compare what Rhode Island gave vs what Germany gave either. You need to compare things with the same size. By number of people, that would be the US vs the EU. Which comes out <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=3050">50:50. Or you compare by percent of GDP given. If you do a fundraiser and there&#39;s a working class dude and a rich millionaire, you don&#39;t praise the millionaire for giving $100 (which is small change to him), you expect him to give more. It would be fair if the working class dude gave x% of his small paycheck then the millionaire should also give the same x% of his paycheck if he wants the same praise, right? Guess what, if you go by percent of GDP given, the US isn&#39;t even in the top 10 of donors.I&#39;m not holding it against the US because you did give a lot and in absolute terms your country is the biggest donor. But stop comparing apples and oranges and stop whining as if you were getting betrayed. Everyone else pays as well.And the US is the only country that profits - because the whole war is like a huge ad for your defense industry. You gave 4 dozen  30 year old versions of HIMARS to Ukraine and everyone was impressed by their performance. Poland alone ordered 500 (!) brand new ones. Every country that gave its old planes ordered new ones from the US. Your order books are full for the next decade and you got a spectacular return on investment.But you really need to stop being so obnoxious to all your allies. Because if you continue like this, those orders WILL go elsewhere. People do NOT like being bullied by what&#39;s supposed to be their friends. The US had the best deal in this war and you probably just blew it. I would not be surprised if countries will cancel their orders now because the US is not a trustworthy ally anymore. And if Zelenskyy gives the rare earth mineral deal to the EU.
@ Vance is one to talk about disrespect, allying with Germanys far right party, real mature of him. 🙄
@@rw2452it literally happened and was ongoing through Trumps presidency. The recent invasion happened in 2022, but Trump literally did nothing to broker peace in 2015
Are you dumb? Did you listen? He&#39;s willing to give the minerals up, but not without American military backing.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1132">18:52 culture is different. This is his culture and we need to respect his, also. That was an unnecessary question🙄
Watched the whole thing. Trump and Vance still look like Russian plants and Zelensky looks like the one with inner strength. Trump wants the Ukraine to trust that he is magical fairy and that Russia will behave because of his special pixie dust. Smh.
None of the libs seem to remember Biden losing his temper with Zelensky because of his ungrateful, arrogant attitude. Very short memories y&#39;all have.
Jd Vance should have shut his mouth. He used no common sense to input what he said. Everything was going smoothly until Vance opened his mouth.
@SchoolVideosGoHere   I read your post in my notifications. I hate it when YouTube hides comments.
Simple Dialoge is at First PartTrump : ;i want to end the war at now so lets compromise with Russian;Zelensky : ;i don&#39;t want compromise  to Rusian because Putin is killer and kidnappers, this is a document i gave you fact this.;Journalist : ;how much money we going invest for security guarantees;Trump : ; I will make a mineral deal agreements, and invest in that, and with that we can get money and security guarantees from Ukraine and end the war;Zelensky : ; We have biggest LNG storage  and we will send it to Europe;Trump : ;Europe is give much less how unfair you treat us like that, but lets go to the business;The Trump answer the Journalist and tell about his archievement. Zelensky : ;
President Trump wants to do a deal first and then later look at the question of security deals in detail, while President Zelensky wants security guarantees to be part of the deal, even if they only count for around 2% of the detail.There seems to be very strong common ground between what Zelensky is asking for and what The US Vice President noted at around <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2410">40:10.  After criticizing the previous US administration, he says ;The path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy. We tried the pathway of Joe Biden, of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States words, matter more than the President of the United States  actions ...;The alignment here between what the VP says and Ukraine needs is precisely that the deal must include guarantees of action and not just chest thumping words.
Musk isn&#39;t a statesman
JD got b-hurt because Zelensky called out that this has been going on since 2014 and has seen 3 different presidents including former Trump, so why all of a sudden do other countries want to interject. I am a proud American til the day i die but i have to say this turned into more of a bullying ambush because Zelensky was speaking plainly (which may or may not have been the correct setting or time to do so, but while our 2 leader&#39;s were tooting their own horn, it opened that floodgate for rebuttal). Now of course Zelensky has his own agenda that he won&#39;t speak this honest about publicly, but the &#39;say thank you&#39; bs was so cringe to watch. He will get money from the UK to get his equal revenge on Russia then in a couple years peace talks may actually happen. I&#39;m all for him getting his revenge, assuming I&#39;m educated on the subject enough to think Putin randomly with no cause invaded the Ukraine. I also love Trump but sometimes he does go too far with his wording and demeanor, while also having to let everyone know how strong America is and we bend over for no one. Agree or Disagree this is what keeps countries from ever thinking to invade America, real leadership and strength projection (while also obviously being able to back it up). Unfortunately this took away from the point of Ukraine is in trouble, but by the way look at how great America is........ Either way my opinion is that Zelensky is of course grateful as he has stated many times and obviously has said thank you before, but your asking a countries leader to get on his knees and start J&#39;ing you off on national television is a bit silly... He still has to appear strong for his own country as naive and short-sighted JD and Trump came off. My 2 cents.
@ i hear you but you really think he was talking about russia and ukrainian? he said 2 smaller countries?
Stealinsky is a greasy little criminal.
When Z asked JD if he&#39;s ever been to Ukraine, JD should have asked Z if he had ever been to America&#39;s heartland because those are the people funding his war thru taxes. This guy Z wants USA $ to fight his war not Ukraines minerals sold to fund it. That&#39;s why he&#39;s pissed. DT did a great job. JD needs some work.
<a =":/8DcHJcF-Re0">:youtu.be/8DcHJcF-Re0?si=qU5DCAY4YcGRrSJU
Не думала, что в США так много глупых людей.. Вопрос к тем, кто защищает Зеленского, вы поедете воевать в Украину? Совсем не понимаете, о чем говорит Трамп? Он призывает Зеленского, который хочет продолжения войны просто из принципа, добровольно отдать исконно русские территории, которые были подарены Украине, чтобы прекратить войну, которая ни к чему не приведет, кроме миллионов смертей с обеих сторон, и еще, он прямым текстом заявил, что до 2022 США накачивали Украину оружием, интересно, почему🤔. Вообще, вы не понимаете нас, славян, вы не знаете нашей истории, языка, не знаете ни одного нюанса в наших отношениях, не понимаете откуда взялась ненависть между народами и никогда не поймете. Уверена, никто из вас не читал Николая Васильевича Гоголя, писателя, жившего в 19 веке, персонажи из книг которого уже оскорбляли русский народ, никогда не читали и не слышали о чем говорили украинцы еще задолго до ютуба, а я вам скажу - эта война началась не просто так и вовсе не Путин ее зачинщик, тут, как у нас в России говорится, за что боролись, на то и напоролись
Every USA citizen needs to watch this entire press meeting to understand what actually happened!
He won’t reply because there is no disrespectful thing Zelenskyy did. Like his daddy Trump he is a coward who spouts misinformation until called out, then moves on to the next thing to lie about.
@ i don’t know him and i don’t really care about spelling out peoples names, sorry i can’t read, too big of a word for me, sorry a name lol
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=134">2:14 The USA has never experienced a war that lasted longer than expected, if you ignore the wars in Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. But these are fake news anyway 😂
OMG. Trump is something else. at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=540">9:00, he says we don&#39;t have rare earth. Google: ;Does the U.S. have rare earth;. We would likely find even more than that if we did more looking. Canada has it too. We don&#39;t really need Ukraine&#39;s rare earth. What Trump needs is development contracts in Ukraine, because that would make him richer. He repeatedly uses government policy to manipulate others into funneling wealth into his family.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Vance called Zelensky on his blatant disrespect. We lost nothing.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
They want a deal so they can raid the riches $$$$$$
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
@ He said raw earth not raw materials.
@ he was grateful and respectful but he came at jd over the diplomacy thing, jd was speaking about his research and Z was speaking about his “experience” in his country or whatever he meant. so they basically get pressed for no reason and jd just stood on american business as i would expect him an trump to do
He will always find a way to plug in how high the numbers were for the votes and did that idiot ask why doesn’t he wear a suit?? Meanwhile Musk didn’t wear a suit AND had his damn son wiping boogers on Donald Trump’s desk!!!! Wtf!!
And then how is Zelensky going to make peace if ;Russia never fulfills its obligations; ? It seems that he came to ask for military aid in exchange for rare earth metals, and Trump needs peace, not Zelensky. It seems that Zelensky was not going to sign the peace and hoped to convince Trump
Job, good job, job...
Let a pig sit at the table and it will put its feet on the table
Musk doesn’t ever wear a suit and in fact wears a cap and stands above our President and his actual cabinet heads when he speaks! Doesn’t he know it is rude to wear a cap inside the building and to stand on a higher level above our President?
Amazing content as always!
@@01yb200 Sorry you can&#39;t see what the majority of people see here. Vance started it around <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2340">39:00. Let me ask you, would you tolerate someone talking to you like that, let alone 2 people talking down to you? Most people would have walked out of there. Zelenskyy maintained amazing composure. He is a president who has gone thru hell, he is not a child. He deserves respect, empathy and compassion.
It&#39;s not the best idea to show up to a job interview in your pajamas. You can be a Ukrainian clown, but when you come to the Oval Office, you dress up like a statesman. If you walk in there in your casual look, don&#39;t bring any gifts and just make demands - then you shouldn&#39;t be surprised if you are humiliated as a fool and chased out of court.
It&#39;s time someone put the cokehead dictator who&#39;s not even Ukrainian in his place.
I think that Americans feel safe. But no one says how bad Zelensky&#39;s phrase sounds when he says: ;You have a nice ocean and don&#39;t feel now, but you fill it in a future God Bless...; You cannot say a sentence like that in front of the president (as crazy as he may be) of the United States.
Im looking him, (zalenskyy)  afraid something i dont know
See how full of himself he is: it is not just America who decides, it is I, the one who stopped numerous unnamed wars, I, who is ;respected; (;feared;). We are going to make a deal, a deal... what deal are you talking about? What kind of peacemaker you are? No way you care about peace if you are being patronizing and arrogant like that during negotiation. Ignoring the fact that the whole thing is laced with air of condescension and ingratiation, the last part is a pure stream of ignorance and disrespect.
Bought and paid for by the CCP.As was Biden.
Schoolyard bullies.
trumb is idiot
This should not have been public. LIke a couple having a fight and having all the neighbours over to watch/listen.  Everyone is going to pick a side. Sort your shit then show us smiley faces.
People are dying and this fool is worried about a suit. What a weenie. Zelensky is being humble, but you can see he&#39;s just confused, reasonably, about people&#39;s bizarre statements.
Trump must have a crush on Biden, man keeps talking about him like a bad breakup.
@1yb200 You didn’t even have the courtesy to spell out the president of Ukraine’s full name in your comment. Zelenskyy. The bias you carry is so deep in your psyche that you are not in control.
What a joke of a president you Americans have chosen
The meeting was going smoothly until JD Vance interjected with an ill-conceived question, which derailed the discussion and led to an unfortunate conclusion. His exchange with Zelensky turned confrontational, and instead of maintaining composure, Vance took it personally, steering the conversation in a negative direction.Vance felt embarrassed after being rebutted by Zelensky and deliberately brought up Zelensky’s previous support for Biden in an attempt to shift the focus or regain control of the situation.
The comment from the Little Sir bout the suit was very unfortunate and bad he’s bad.
his way of convincing his truth helped his army before. but that doesnt work on smart people. yes he had to sign. if Ukraine is american territory. then its over in one day..   but zelenski.. 😢 wants to fight back. if russia takes that part of Ukraine now then it will be that. but if ukraine becomes the military ninja master and then becomes russia.  then the eu can sing a farewell song. well zelenski, both sides have to give, even putin looked trough his hand for that deal. giving up his target to a friend for economic welfare and border security. no, he keeps fighting the russian power with lives and next with european lives. but not American lives.  a chance to stop a war in one day is not easy and zelenski just couldn&#39;t. incompetent. doesnt want to give up, lives like before 2014. doesnt understand that russia is expanding too and that can be done with deals, not war. I&#39;m a european and i even understand amerika.  trump should make a deal.  zelenski signs or no more Americans in Nato...  this would learn the eu leaders a lessen on how to deal with conflicts.  eu was not ready,  ukraine was not ready.  Russia is.  if amerika joins russia. that will end the war too.  with a deal or with a even bigger war. goodluck zelenski
This ;deal; appears to involve Ukraine handing over their mineral resources to the USA, in return for which Putin will retreat from Ukraine  ???  What am I missing? 😮
OMG, horror this guy the way he speak! President of USA???
@@01yb200what did he do exactly? What magical footage is there of him being ungrateful or rude? Numerous angles, cameras, and testimony say he was nothing but respectful
Clearly JD Vance wasn’t listening because President Volodimer Zolinsky said Thank you several times within the Oval Office meeting! He (Vance) made things worse with his rude interjections!
Zelenzki is a clown. A prepotent and dangerous person. He is a disgrace for world peace. A clown that believes he has made all the progress all alone. He should be kissing Trumps’ shoes, instead of being such an as whole
Vance is the weak link
You explained this so well, thank you!
Big difference between having 300 billion and asking for 100 billion.
Those photos of Ukrainians held prisoner by Russia are interesting. When the war started, Russian commanders were told to treat Ukrainians harshly, that conventions about ethical treatment didn&#39;t apply. So, they&#39;&#39;ve been torturing and starving Ukrainian prisoners. I doubt many Americans even know about that. That behavior is consistent with other Russian war crimes, such as rape and pillage - Bucha being the most-known example.
Jd is not the sharpest knife in the drawer
Trump and Vance are psychos. God help our country and Ukraine.
With much respect to Zelenskyy and Ukraine’s withstanding of  a most vicious war - Zelenskyy could have raised his concerns about Putin’s credibility without making the entire meeting look like he’s challenging Trump’s capabilities. I think he should have worn a suit - not only in the physical sense, but also in the conventional sense, which is to address issues of concern in an elegant way, employing good faith and gratitude as common grounds rather than trying to “educate” everyone in the room.
Fuck JD. Fuck Trump. Give Zelenskyy , in writing, that Putin HAS to follow rules.  Do not give the US any rate earth. Europe, take us out! This is so sad.
Move to ukraine and get tf outta here
Amazing content as always!
I still can&#39;t believe no one has called Zelensky out after his Wife used war relief funds to go on shopping sprees and get boob jobs.
Trump in the present. Is a POS out of humanity. Nasty bully b.sVance wanting thank you... Forget him too.Prayers for Ukraine with prayers for our USA. Trunk/Elon Must get them out of our government immediately
20000 Children??? Shame on putine
JD Vance is such a dipshit
Fuk Ukraine, simple
Amazing content as always!
Before the presidency, Trump, I was praying to come,  but after what I see now, how he does not respect anyone and even did not respect the presidents before him by the unified statements.And now JD Vans could not answer Selensky and ignite the fire of strife, and changed the subject of thanksgiving.After that, Trump began to attack him without respect.The most ridiculous notes were, the question about the wearing of Zellinski. Who do they think themselves and what right they treat a head of state in this way?Everyone is here in Europe and the Arab countries criticizing Trump and Vans.The Lord blesses Ukraine and his people🙏🇪🇺🇩🇪🇮🇱🇱🇧 🇸🇦
That’s the most retarded thing I’ve ever read. Ukraine should not get something for nothing
Fucking joke this is. Bullying our potential partner but we know why we know who’s biding he’s doing. Yes talk about Ashley lol. If this is diplomacy I wonder what foreign policy looks like.
Zelenskyy seemed like he was on drugs; anyone else notice that? Fidgety and sniffling and opening eyes very wide then rambling among many other signs. Def on stimulants.
How more thankful does he want him to be?
I feel for Zelensky to have to sit there with two turds
Trump is love ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Restart ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
That&#39;s my president
ngl zelensky pulling out the pictures was so stupid. like yeah we get it that&#39;s why we&#39;re trying to stop the war. idk if he was like trynna guilt trip trump out of the mineral deal and just end the war out of spite so he doesn&#39;t have to give the US anything but like i didn&#39;t see the point in showing the prisoners
<b>@bendraper87</b> ^ This. ^ 👍
@@rw2452 It looks like my reply didn&#39;t post. To super sum it up: you&#39;re right and Zelensky would agree.But Ukraine has done an amazing job holding off and pressuring Russia with US and European support. Russia is struggling. And Ukraine&#39;s one card (beside faith in their should-be-allies) is that the world where Russia is allowed to continue conquering is <i>much worse</i> for the US. USSR resurgence, China emboldened to take Taiwan, other nations disrupting peace and trade, etc. The US sending ~$100 billion in old weapons and money (that Ukraine then uses to buy supplies from American businesses) is <i>not</i> some purely altruistic thing. The US benefits in the short-term and long-term.
US is a 50 countries.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
@ Yes, absolutely. For the first 30 mins Trump was accommodating Zelensky and being diplomatic. But then Zelensky challenged JD Vance in a very combative way. Not to mention in November, Zelensky involved himself in the US elections by not just endorsing Harris, but openly being critical of a Trump presidency, with JD as VP. What a stupid thing to do,  considering there was always going to be a high chance Trump would win and Zelensky would have to deal with him!
he said you would feel ;influence;
I can see exactly what pissed Trump off. Zelenskyy was way too antagonistic by calling Putin a ;killer; and ;terrorist; and twisting phrases like ;stop the war; into ;stop PUTIN;. Pretty poor way to covey yourself at the start of PEACE negotiations. How is this going to help get Putin to discuss peace with Ukraine when this moron is still name calling. What a fool this man is.
;I never compare myself to anyone.; Hm. Ok. Also, that comb over 😂😂😂.
Lol yeah Zelenskyy definitely saw a narcissist expert for this meeting he’s got photos he’s leaning in he’s got soft speech absolutely everything the narcissist will detach from for all to see on screen
vance might have said something to upset Z, but the way that Z acted in the office was just unacceptable, so vance and trump snapped back. i’m sorry you can’t see that
Love the fact trump asking Europe to do more wish we had yt/ and tic tok during the 2 world war where where USA until the damn end glory yeah
What is this idiot Zelensky talking about…that Putin hates Ukrainian people…Ukrainians and Russians are one and the same nation, one and the same people…Ukraine was part of Russia in the past…They share one and the same language except some different accent that Ukrainians have. This one should stop the drugs immediately!
<a =":thefuturebloge.blogspot.com/2025/03/what-white-house-clash-that-shook.html">:thefuturebloge.blogspot.com/2025/03/what-white-house-clash-that-shook.html
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Zelensky, Trump, Vance, are on the Dr.Phil show the next day.  😂
America these clowns are your guys? Jesus how far you have falled.
The moment this Interview got lit was heated. 😅😅😂
Why does Biden figure so prominently in Trump&#39;s feebly mind. Biden is out he is in. Trump brokered the Afghanistan deal see how that turned out for the Taliban.
<b>@rw2452:</b> You can&#39;t believe Zelensky was threatening to attack the United States. He said himself they have a nice big ocean protecting them. His point is that Trump giving Putin what he wants will embolden him, and that eventually US security will be threatened, too. That&#39;s Zelensky&#39;s prediction, and I think the US would be smart to listen to him. But we&#39;re talking about Donald Trump here, so . . . 🤷‍♀
and trump would be out of office in 4 years. enough rest time for putin to attack again
Loved the content, keep it coming!
It must have been very obvious to Zelenskyy that this administration is more interested in sniping at democrats than in helping the Ukraine. So embarrassing!
Even of Vance was nasty with Zelensky, if Zelensky would have been more composed it would have ended all good and maybe Trump would say something nasty to Vance in private for this. But Zelensky was arogant, and Trump felt that even if he was attacked by Vance, he is in no position to bite back. In the end I think Trump got what he wanted, with the help of Vance and Zelensky, he can succesfully go on the ukraine exit ramp.
Putin offers peaceful mediation between Trump and Zelinsky? It&#39;s like when &#39;THE OWL IS SHOUTING TO THE SPARROW - YOU&#39;VE GOT A BIG HEAD&#39;.
Without the USA, Ukraine would be doomed. There needs to be a discontinuation of the war entirely and President Trump needs both President Zelensky and President Putin to cooperate to end the war! If President Zelensky and President Putin don’t want that, then we will not side with either with them.
First of all Zellensky was the reason for he first Trump impeachment, then he campaigned with the democrats to beat Trump! Do you honestly think Trump likes him?
Canada also changed the names and the spelling of names who came into the country and that was before the Second World War so he can stop trying to make out Russia as “terrorist” the fkn everyday normal is a fkn “terrorist” everywhere it’s human trafficking disguised it has nothing to do with freedom and people building lives it’s traffickers building just another fkn idea whooptedo
They’re so dense delusional with power and perhaps naive? To think that they know that a Dictator like Putin is willing to negotiate a ceasefire. Zelenskyy knows Putin and Russia better than anyone and he knows they’ll renege on their deal.
He almost never answers the questions directly … unless someone asks him an ego-stroking question.
Yes, the American people saw what was going on. You and Shady Vance were rude to a valorous man who is fighting to save his country. Both of you need to be spanked (or worse). He is our ally, not your toy to abuse. You put us in bed with Putin, and for that, you are traitors. Most of us in the U.S. don&#39;t agree with that setup of Pres. Zelensky. I wish you could know this, but you&#39;ve got your propaganda machines hiding everything from you. They won&#39;t tell the truth of how upset we all are about your handling of anything at all. The resistance will show you incompetent people in this administration. Go away!
@@sergeyp8574, and he did behave as a guest. On the other side, Trump was suposed to behave as a host, but he hasn&#39;t been a polite one.
@@tizzy84 please rewatch
I am surprised to see how disrespectful they are 😢 I mean they even dont care world is watching
​@@AndréPeriquitoنعم أومن بالله الذي لم أره رب السموات والأرض القوي الجبار الرحيم و رب كل شيء هذا افضل لي عكس الذي لا يؤمن بشيء حياته ومماته نفس الشيء
Zelenski wants to continue this war because there is a lot of money involved to steal by his team.
America signed as a guarantor, if you don&#39;t pay the bank installments, the guarantor automatically pays, the law obliges it because in the case of Ukraine, some essential goods were traded to Ukraine for national security, which benefited Russia to Putin, who signed a treaty in which he guarantees all the crazy things he does to Ukraine that he will never do them. Trump and Putin must be held accountable, in this context they no longer represent the states in which they are presidents. It is not possible for one person to speak against what they represent without consequences and the rest to sleep in slippers, it is not possible for 2-3-4 old men to endanger an entire planet because that&#39;s what they want, or are the times when we burned witches at the stake and beat our neighbors to take their food or a piece of land over? These characters do not represent us, they talk about diplomacy, but they violate rules that they are obliged to respect by their own signature, then what is diplomacy? They must resign, they no longer represent democracy and are a threat to our safety through their own decisions made based on emotions.
Please President Trump we seek for your help to remove the dictator Museveni in Uganda, now 45 years 🙏
Extort? Ukraine owes us billions! This is a way to get repayment!
It&#39;s incredible to me how naive people in the comments are. This is not Trump simply deciding to disrespect Zelensky. This is a performance that they are all putting on together. The US establishment needs an off ramp for this failed proxy war against Russia. Zelensky needs this because it&#39;s the only way to tell his people that ;look we have no other choice;.It&#39;s not Trump&#39;s call. It&#39;s the ruling class of America. They&#39;ve already milked Ukraine and don&#39;t need this war anymore
@@omexdelegend2898 ;JD caused the whole brouhaha; BTW I love the use ;brouhaha; it&#39;s perfect!You have to look at the entire context, zelensky was antagonistic to any ceasefire from the opening statements. Like him or not Trumps was and is focused on a ceasefire first, the only sane starting point. Because you dont drop peacekeepers in an active war zone, you drop soldiers in an active war zone (WW3)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=148">2:28 Trump: The US will be in Ukraine (not military) joint 50/50 partnership with the mining.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=205">3:25 Zelensky: Wants to discuss it further, security guarantees, europe is ready to continue fighting is the US, stop Putin &amp; no compromises with Putin about our territories he captured.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=567">9:27 Trump: We need to make the cease fire deal first.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=663">11:03 (his rebuttal) Zelensky: Europe gave just as much if not more than the US (fuzzy math: collective maybe but not individual) and then both laugh it off.    As of feb 2025 US $119-175B EU $138-145B (27 member states) UNGRATEFUL bastard, to the presidents face in front of our media in the Oval office! <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=794">13:14 Trump: Accomplished a lot with the cease fire deal &amp; let&#39;s get the war stopped, back to normalization, good talks on both sides,<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=831">13:51 Zelensky: Interrupts Trump, with ;They came to our territory;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=859">14:19 Trump: Yes we will be continuing sending aid to Ukraine.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=891">14:51 Zelensky: US will continue... BUT Russia came to our territory, and they need to leave (that&#39;s not a cease fire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=972">16:12 Trump: You&#39;ll always need compromises to a deal, i&#39;m just trying to get a ceasefire, stop the war, i&#39;m a mediator.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1035">17:15 hands over to Zelensky: He wants to but doesn&#39;t respond and puts up his hands shakes his head.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1094">18:14 Press: an absolute STUPID question about Zelensky not wearing a suit (antagonistic)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1166">19:26 Trump: yes we&#39;ll be sending arms hopefullly not to much with a peace deal (<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1181">19:41 &amp; <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1276">21:16 Zelensky had some body language that didn&#39;t like that statement) ceasefire first then security<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1379">22:59 Trump: says your I like your clothing, it&#39;s fine. Zelensky: ceasefire will never work<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1433">23:53 Trump: He never broke ceasefire with me. Zelensky: he DID break it with you, you were the president, then backs up and says NOT with you<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1458">24:18 Zelensky: We will never accept ceasefire without security guarantees, this document is not enough, a strong army IS enough (just wants to keep fighting)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1731">28:51 Trump: We&#39;re committed to NATO, NATO needs to contribute the same percentage EQUAL<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2065">34:25 Trump: I make deals &amp; this is a dangerous mess, we are going to get it solved (starting with a ceasefire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2395">39:55 Vance: We need demplomancy, the threats have not worked for the last 4 years<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2431">40:31 Zelensky: Trump did nothing to get Crimea back, what kind of diplomacy JD are you speaking about.to the end... the clips that everyone is commenting on, out of the context of Zelensky being antagonistic the entire entire presser and not wanting a ceasefire (the first step to everything!)
Vance
@coolbeasty5934  sure, i don&#39;t remember everything he said but from what i remember:1. Russians are starving Ukrainians hostages. LIES. Russians are actrually saving Ukrainian soldiers from bullets of their own soldiers, their own guys are killing those Ukrainians who&#39;s trying to surrender to Russians. Why would they starve them after? lots of vids on the web 2. Russia started this war. LIES. Ukraine started shelling Russian speaking region of Donbas after US illegaly overthew their president in 2014 and installed Poroshenko who started shelling civilians in these areas (watch Oliver Stone&#39;s ;Ukraine on Fire;)3. Putin broke ceasefire agreements 25 times. LIES. Ukraine broke 2 peace agreements. First one is Minsk agreement in 2019. They continued shelling people in Donbas after signing it. (watch Oliver Stone&#39;s ;Revealing Ukraine;) and the second one Minsk 2 peace agreement was reach in March of 2022 and was signed by Ukraine, but Boris Johnson on the behalf of the Biden came to Ukraine and ordered Elensky to broke the agreement. Just type this topic here on YT.
Every time I watch this I just laugh at the foolery. Trump is trying to force a deal down Zelenskyy&#39;s throat, and Zelenskyy isn&#39;t swallowing. He knows what Trump is up to, and Trump is up to Russia, neck deep. What does Trump expect to get out of Putin for saving his azz? Is it still about a Trump Moscow hotel? Watch Zelenskyy. He knows he&#39;s listening to Putin&#39;s operative in DC., and when he pushes back, he knows he&#39;s pushing against Putin. Trump seems to think Zelenskyy will cower under the might of the big bully. Nope, not when Ukraine has Europe to fall back on. Europe tanks Trump&#39;s chance at a crooked deal. Even Vance throwing his two cents in doesn&#39;t cower the Ukrainian president. What a sham meeting. Zelenskyy came to DC knowing it was a bull session for Russia. And there we have it, American foreign policy under Trump. Crooked enough for some to call treasonous. Zelenskyy, on the other hand, is like a Churchill - strong and determined. Churchill wouldn&#39;t cave either.
I tried, but I couldn&#39;t stand to watch this shitshow for very long. It&#39;s very uncomfortable for me to say, and it breaks my heart to do so, but I hate my country right now. It&#39;s less comfortable for me to say nothing and ignore that this administration has now made The United States of America one of the world&#39;s bad guys. Maybe the biggest, most dangerous, and most stupid bad guy. We are now a part of the ;Axis of Evil.;
Is Noone else freaked out by the THR3AT Zelensky said??
Anyone else listening to President Zelenskyy’s arguments and thinking damn this sounds sooo familiar ??!!This is all just one big gaslighting ceremony by Donnie and it’s civilian lives that get the least amount of attention or respect even in discussion.How you do anything is how you do EVERYTHING. Gaza/Palestine isn’t different than Ukraine in how their oppression began.
Disgraceful behavior from the US.
JD, go to Timeout! Sit in the corner, with your face to the wall until, the grown-ups are done talking. You child, stop embarrassing the American populous! We all don&#39;t need to resort to 3rd-grade tactics!!! I haven&#39;t seen it or formulated my own opinions, but My Mom and Dad told me what to say about what you&#39;re living on a daily basis! You should be more like me and..... ;Do what I do!; <a =":/yGPfCPoca04">:youtu.be/yGPfCPoca04?si=PHiS-2FJJR62oZ8Q Nicole Kidman is Trump, Michael Meyers is JD. LOL.
so you support Nazis who are hunting people on the streets to throw them out to the frontlines against their will??? Great life position.
Trump was genius person
“It’s wonderful to speak badly of someone else….” - donald trump Huh?! 🤦🏾‍♀️
You are the reporter asking questions during a vital history in the making meeting between two presidents and you ask the president why he’s not wearing a suit?? Really??? 🫣🫣
trump did it well
Because they are both idiots!
You need to shut your mouth
Indeed. That got me really angry.
Trump gambled away with Putin and took his frustration out on Zelensky. No, blamed Zenelsky to make a fool out of the US-Americans. Putin is not interested in peace but in normalising economic relations with the USA so that he can continue the war. And Trump joined in and catapulted the USA out of the ;Free World;. Trump is no dealmaker but a turncoat and fraudster. That&#39;s all there is to say on the Oval Office story.
What Trump wants is peace. What do you want?
America is not what it used to be anymore. Unfortunately.
Based
&#39;We want to end this war and the needless slaughter.&#39; - Trump&#39;Yeah, me and Trump is totally going to destroy Putin!&#39; - Cheeki Breeki
You guys need a mental check, or to be jailed for spamming shit.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1404">23:24 Trump winks, but no one&#39;s talking about it, maybe they didn&#39;t see it. 😂
WORD!
@@rosemarykingpate7832 explain
Good thing it backfired hard.
you only gave them 185 billion get you facts right
Indeed.
@coolbeasty5934 sure, i don&#39;t remember everything he said but from what i remember:1. Russians are starving Ukrainians hostages. LIES. Russians are actrually saving Ukrainian soldiers from bullets of their own soldiers, their own guys are killing those Ukrainians who&#39;s trying to surrender to Russians. Why would they starve them after? lots of vids on the web 2. Russia started this war. LIES. Ukraine started shelling Russian speaking region of Donbas after US illegaly overthew their president in 2014 and installed Poroshenko who started shelling civilians in these areas (watch Oliver Stone&#39;s ;Ukraine on Fire;)3. Putin broke ceasefire agreements 25 times. LIES. Ukraine broke 2 peace agreements. First one is Minsk agreement in 2019. They continued shelling people in Donbas after signing it. (watch Oliver Stone&#39;s ;Revealing Ukraine;) and the second one Minsk 2 peace agreement was reach in March of 2022 and was signed by Ukraine, but Boris Johnson on the behalf of the Biden came to Ukraine and ordered Elensky to broke the agreement. Just type this topic here on YT.4. Putin wants to invade Poland and baltic countries. LIES. The whole point of SMO is to protect Russian speaking population of Donbas from Ukraine nazis who&#39;s been shelling those civilians for a decade now. Also to get rid of nazis and stop Ukraine from entering NATO. Why would he invade other countries?5. Russia lost 700000 soldiers. LIES. Ukraine is losing very badly and they lost around 1mil+ soldiers. Analists say on the battlefield there&#39;s 1 Russian death on 10 Ukrainians. So it&#39;s easy to count. But those number are very very tragic anyway.6. I think he said that his people want US to continue send weapons and money to Ukraine. LIES. Latest polls showed that most people in Ukraine want peace negotiations and they&#39;re very tired of war.7. He also said that they aren&#39;t losing. LIES. If you look at the maps you&#39;ll see how much land Russian military took for these 3 years. And why would he hunt people on the street to throw them out to the frontlines against their will if they aren&#39;t losing badly.
AGREED 100%
You&#39;re just conditioned by books to believe in something no one has ever seen.
Disaster right from the start. If both parties are not in agreement do not televise the event. One guys says we&#39;re here to stop the war and praises the Ukrainians and the other guy straight away says he is there to say he has europe&#39;s help and he wants to get USA&#39;s help to keep fighting, proceeds to spew his political agenda hijacking the interview where he is all alone. He is desperate because without Biden he can&#39;t keep the billions he can&#39;t use or hide the billions, the Biden administration got their money off to the sunset and this guy risks having nowhere to hide on this planet.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=718">11:58 This is exactly how a common sense person thinks. We’ve given the country of Ukraine 350 Billion dollars. And Zelenskyy wants to downplay our doing and compare it to the entirety of Europe … In our oval office… Just think to yourself if that’s right and just imagine if the tables were reversed. Everyone loves to cry 😂 so thankful for President Trump 🇺🇸
Untrue.
And Zelensky was great!
Not a surprise, but woth releating it, the worst US President EVER 🤦🏽‍♂️ What a disgrace of a human and a waste of space and oxigen. Four years are too long for this clown to keep making the US look this bad. This unproven pieces of shit brought this President at war there to belittle him and look tough. They are a bunch weak assholes. What a disgraceful bunch of clowns 👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽 Mr. Rubio, you do not belong in that group. PLEASE, do not do that to yourself. Resign.
I also noticed that Zelensky literally imposes his position, they try to explain to him that this position does not have a place to be if he is going to make peace, but Zelensky does not even want to listen and repeats the same thingBut in the comments, for some reason, the majority does not see what Zelensky is wrong about
America thinks it’s 20 years in front but in fact it’s 8 hours behind.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Indeed!
Zellensky doesn&#39;t understand that the US will not send troops or air force protection to Ukraine! But he can&#39;t get it through his head that all of NATO is not going to keep them safe!
Journalists should ask Vance does he care about Stalin without suit.
You&#39;re on drugs.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Forget about that, life is what matters.
To be honest.. trump let him do all the talking.  Everyone is tired of this war.  Its costing everyone billions USA and Europe footing the bill thru tax payers money.. zalensky wants to be the hero but is nothing more than a media whore who never even seen a gun but yet he walks around in military atire. When u get a chance to end the war and stop people dying thats a deal...take it  but zalensky wants to keep it going and won&#39;t be happy until everyone is dragged into it . Ireland is now full of Ukrainians they get free money free housing, free everything.  Most have not lived in Ukraine for years. Men of fighting age here in ireland are sitting in pubs, drinking all the time, telling everyone how they are winning this war. all they do is complain but yet they fly back to Ukraine for dental work, weddings etc .. trump is right . Take the deal if not ur on your own. And good luck to ya.. why should everyone foot this war bill just because zalensky wants to be seen as a hero.
Ironic if you questioned President Zelensky about wearing a suit and not Elon Musk about his casual attire. The insensitivity, idiocy and double standards are appalling. 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
@@dobryden7196 ;and make it public;Oh no way.In public is what made it such a disaster for the peace process. Behind closed doors they can say... hold on a minute let&#39;s reset and take a different approach, that is not possible in public with the media waiting to twist every word for clickbait.
And then trump being incredibly disrespectful against Biden, calling him incompetent and such during this meeting. What a hypocrite. <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1803">30:03
I think he did just right though, but I was thinking the same!
nope handled it accordingly like any good marine would. the only thing missing is the knife hand.
I&#39;m afraid they hide something from USA people. Russia spends great money for news.
You explained this so well, thank you!
I love putin
@@Strangemud You&#39;re not Ukrainian. You&#39;re just an idiot in disguise.
Well, the US should put pressure on Putin then. Putin invaded and killed people and stole land and children. Russia is going almost bankrupt, just tighten the sanctions and call your friends the Saudis to pump a bit more oil for the price to go down and give a couple more long range weapons to Ukraine so they can take out a few more Russian refineries and that evil dictatorship is going to fall in 6 months. Why does the US ;negotiate; with Russia as if the US was in a weak position and needed to grovel to Putin? Never saying anything tough to the Russians, meanwhile calling Zelenskyy a dictator, dismissing his arguments and shouting at him? While demanding he fork over his country&#39;s natural resources in return for no security guarantees?
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
is he on  something  why he  doing  that with his  nose all the  time
The 1st one ever to get roasted in the oval office, the 1 and only jewlenzky, on live TV... What a disgrace, it looks like is full of ;baking powder;... Trump and Vance did very well handling the whole situation
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Poor Zelenski. Trump is one big 💩
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
“Digging digging digging taking taking taking”… ohhhh ok that’s his answer to commitment to security?
Zoker zelensky
I could not be more disgusted at the media and how they repeatedly did not let President Zelensky answer questions. I love our President and Vice President but both were completely out of line and freaked out when Zelensky said the US could feel it - all he was saying is that this shit spreads
Zelensky has shown true dignity. Trump and Vance, on the other hand, it is truly shameful to have witnessed your words.
Why can Musk wear a hat, Texas belt buckle, t shirt and futuristic suit jacket and not be underdressed in the oval office, but a president in a war showing solidarity with his soldiers is a problem.
and no one asked ;wouldn&#39;t that be an incitation for China to go further with its expension;
Deal, deal, deal. NOT!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Watched snippets previously and was repulsed by Trump &amp; Vance’s rude disrespectful tone towards Zelensky. They sound like 2 bullies who constantly interrupt and talk down to Z. Admirable that President Zelensky stood his ground and kept calm and respectful throughout. Rooting for 🇺🇦. Peace and Justice to Ukraine!
mk ultra actor
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Stupid ppl at political peaks.
@ ;Russia shouldn’t get to walk out of this with square INCH ; I somewhat agree (they shouldn&#39;t) but at what cost? Jonah, sometimes good countries loose wars... The Ukrainians are losing even with all of our arms, the only next step is NATO. Are you ready to step into WW3 because I sure as hell am not!
The anti-Trump forces don&#39;t want negotiations between Trump and Putin. Putin proposed the new administration solve the problem with cost recovery in Ukraine through the joint development of rare earth metals. Will the anti-Trump allow negotiations to happen? They sent Zelenskiy to disrupt the agreement.
i don’t even blame Zelensky for leaving because quite literally everyone in the meeting room was being so disrespectful towards him.
Gratitude is the spice that makes life beautiful. Extending this interview in public was not a good idea. When differences are emphasized by the media there’s no place to go but conflict. Lovers after disagreement go to bed. There are no lovers here. Trump is right. Stop the killing, negotiate the details afterwards. The press always trying to sensationalize. What if what if. It’s not smart, it’s not sensitive. It actually can derail peace talks
EU have already funded it more than the US
Okay Trump said that if he was president last term this war would&#39;ve never happened? Well Putin is greedy and has broken into Ukraine in the past and he is greedy and is probably after all of the metals and goods in Unraine. My question is how would have u stopped Putin and his greed. Why wouldn&#39;t have Putin invaded Ukraine if you were president. What is it that you think would stop him.
“Why don’t you wear a suit”💀💀Bro, he can buy you like💀
Why doesn’t Trump introduce Kyiv as his new Gaza Strip AI plan?! Let’s own Ukraine? Imagine all the real estate!!!
Some spammers say about drugs. No matter. Did you live under rocket attacks until 3 years? No! You will use drugs to save your mental health if you are not masochist.
Zelensky generally imposed his point of view, they tried to explain to him that he would have to make compromises for the sake of peace, but he does not even want to hear about it and repeats the same thing. The situation is changing, but Zelensky&#39;s rhetoric is not
The rare earth minerals are the payment Ukraine owes for the billions that was lent to them! It will also offer security by the US while they are in Ukraine!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2677">44:37 Hes not speaking loudly. YOUR COUNTRY IS IN BIG TROUBLE!
I feel like this was all planned
You explained this so well, thank you!
ZéLêndias soundtrack ;I have cocain running around my brain;
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
I am Ukrainian and I do respect JD for what he said about my Ukraine and the corrupted 🤡. So true words.
Meanwhile in palestine .....
जिंदगी एक सफर है सुहाना यहां कल क्या हो किसने जाना
This was super helpful, thanks!
Vance is the guy sitting in the front row in class begging for a pop quiz. Teacher’s pet!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
When Zelensky tells about 2014, he forgets to say that he refused to be soldier than after two or three calls he even did jokes about this and said later that he doesn&#39;t have duty to anybody but his parents and was continuing making Russian humor. Now he closed borders and created violent street conscription of poor men with lot of violation of human rights. Thanks man J.D. for words about Zelensky forcing conscripts to the front line etc... It&#39;s so true. And dont forget about huge corruption of Zelensky government!
As a Trump administration supporter, JD embarrassed us. This would&#39;ve been an easy meeting and deal. JD was acting like a barking dog that wouldn&#39;t shut up which forced Trump to pick sides. 🙄
This is what is call: to take Trump for a fool.
Zelensky should have walked out. Our government is a joke. Trump simply talks in circles and repeats himself. Takes every question as an opportunity to talk about himself and not actually say anything. 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
You explained this so well, thank you!
Look up what Churchill wore when he came to the US to get weapons for Britain during WW2. It&#39;s tradition and a sign of respect to his soldiers that a president whose country is at a major war doesn&#39;t wear a suit. You&#39;re probably one of the people who would accuse Zelenskyy of ;spending aid money on fancy designer suits while his people die in dirty trenches; if he wore a suit.
All ik i wanna be on God’s sude during Armageddon
You explained this so well, thank you!
Mr Zelensky again on drugs…I am not surprised that everything went in a totally wrong direction! He doesn’t have the right to talk about 2014 civil war! Ukraine was the country that bombarded the infectious disease ward for children in a hospital, hundreds of children were murdered! Bombs fallen at schools and nurseries and the Ukrainians stupid excuse: “ We made a mistake”. Even 1 bomb in that war didn’t affect any of the army’s terytories, but a lot of citizens were killed, ruined neighbourhoods, blocks, villages with civil people! People that were burned alive- all of them Rusians and Bulgarians! The fashism is alive in Ukraine and the ambassador of it is Zelensky! Give him 2 more “white lines” and let him be!
@@rockynanach, so, you think if you invite simeone at your house, you have a right to shout at him and disrespect him? Do guests in your house need to litterally kiss your ass when you invite them to your house?!I wouldn&#39;t like to be a guest in your house!
That Polish reporter is acting like his country has been peace lovers since day one. Let&#39;s not forget when Poland invaded Kiev in 1920s.
Amazing content as always!
Zelensky took a tough stance, not wanting to make any compromises. Trump tries to explain that reality does not correspond to the desires of both sides of the conflict, but Zelensky claims that he is not ready to give in to Russia. Why did he even come here to impose his point of view?
Vance is an uneducated idiot and kisses Trump ass.Two donkeys Embarrassing for American people that voted for this.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Vance&#39;s job was to provokes Zelenski to say something unpopular so Trump could start his showPeacemaker 💩
@@サークルK-c5k, JD has no sense who Putin is.
Truth is that GREED DESTROYS THINGS ANS SO DOES JEALOUSY! MR. PUTIN INVADED UKRAINE BECAUSE HIS GREEDY ASS WANTED THR PRECIOUS METALS AND GAS FROM UKRAINE FROM HIS COUNTRY TO MAKE MORE MONEY! IF PEOPLE AND COUNTROES WOULD JUST BE HAPPY WOTH WHAT THEU HAVE AND FOCUS ON WHAT THEY HAVE AND NEGOTIATE AND WORK TOGETHER TO TRADE THINGS FAIRLY WE WOULDNT HAVE WARS PERIOD!
Zelkensky doesn&#39;t want the war to end because he might lose his position and all the graft he has been receiving! He is a little dictator that is living like a rock star while the war is ongoing! As soon as it ends he will have to run for election which he might lose!
You&#39;re stupid.
Vance.
Word!
Zelenskyshares tragic photos of claming soldier when they along wth us have created the slavery and hungry stratigy and he acts like he is shocked wtf 😂
Russians started it. JD is a retard.
That&#39;s not the point.
أمريكا تعتقد أنها أقوى من كل شيء وتسخر من الناس وكأنهم لن يموتوا وسيخلدون في الحياة هذا الطغيان الذي تعيشونه مجرد وهم يقدر الله أن يمحوكم في لمح البصر وهو الخبير البصير ، بالمناسبة غزة ❤
Don&#39;t be retarded.
Well caught!
Trump did not behave correctly as president, he is a liar and a PR man, he is a clown, an actor and a peddler, nothing more, that&#39;s where he belongs.
Of course!
I do. Trump&#39;s not human, he&#39;s a businessman.
What I have observed in the whole conversation is that Zelensky defended himself in this uncomfortable situation. JD Vance and Trump completely disregarded diplomatic norms in the meeting with an official of a country which is fighting against aggression
What a disgraceful display from our leaders. Did you see how Trump put his hand on president Zelensky? How do you think chunk would react if it was reversed.? This was a total setup and the whole world knows it
You must be dumb.
No, Chump, you are not a peacemaker. You&#39;re an opportunist and President Zelensky smelled it. You&#39;re the one who is going to cause WWIII, cheeto-head. You have never taken accountability for anything unless it was in your favor. You take credit for other people&#39;s accomplishments. Mistakes? Never. Despicable human being. THIS was a scandalous mistake and you need to stop blaming Pres. Biden. People voting for you were in severe error.
Why do we need to spend more fricking money on weapons and AI when we could spend it to help our working class families get ahead and to fix our economy. Who gives a fricken crap about AI and creating more fricken dam weapons when your people are just struggling to survive. Protecting the basic necessities of your wirking class people is the most important thing right now.
Trump REAL FANS ARE YOU HERE ??✨💖<a =":youtu.be/gXdadU9k">:youtu.be/gXdadU9k
@JohnDoeSr at least he was intelligent, kind, polite and honest
@@andyfrew6761 I&#39;m glad we get to see these idiots on TV so they are shown for what they are
Russians have paid for a lot of expensive Trump condos.
Zelensky has the right in the freedom of speeche to say what he said without beeing violated. Freedom of speeche is a core fundament in the American constitution.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1122">18:42: asking about why zelinsky doesn’t wear a suit…. What in F. He’s got way more important things that he’s literally battling with! Come on now! How embarrassing for the profession. Loved Zelinsky’s response.
Lol not wrong
Someone should silence vance at that time.. he talk rubbish and cant believe trump back him up as well.
Blew a trillion dollar deal just to earn some brownie points with Trump
Thank you cspan for the entire clip. Seems to me Vance just wanted to put his two cents in and Zelensky, for no good reasons, started on a history lesson.  Zelensky keeps his mouth shut for ten seconds and lets Vance have his little moment and none of this happens.  Zelensky is amateurish.  Calling him jd and not Mr vice president.  Zelensky is an amateur.  And then that whole asking if he&#39;d been to Ukraine as if that matters.  Zelensky set Vance off and then he went too far with the manpower comment.  Zelensky is amateurish he needs to walk into that meeting hat in hand instead he&#39;s litigating.  And then when he says USA is going to feel the war that was unacceptable to any USA president I&#39;m glad Trump shit him down at that point
they cut him out as much as they could and kept interfering when he tried to answer not to mention he remained polite and said &#39;thank you&#39; multiple times but they kept that 3 minute clip doing rounds in sns to paint zelensky as the one who was out of line
Indeed.
Trump wants a dirty deal that&#39;s all. Do you agree with me?
Indeed! But Trump is retarded, so is JD and Putin. This world is doomed.
❤
everyone who supports Zelensky react here
Does Elon wear a suit?
Zelensky if your cities are good and if you have much much support from Europe then what you doing here? You even don&#39;t have manners to talk.. You some kind of psycho problem may be frustrations of wars make you like this... U looks not normal now... U were sitting there and talking and interrupting Trump like you r the president of USA and Trump from Ukraine..... First of all never show the pics because its make bad moods.... Second you were going there for his help and support but you were admires other countries in front of him again and again.... Third he is trying to make a deal so all things will be fix but you were asking security guarantees if there a person who trying to use his positive power for peace deal then let him to do that but you telling the nonsense talks.... Now its go in mess u destroyed it.... Its not gonna work now but yes only one way Ukraine can do that..... Remove Zelensky immediately...... Choose new intelligent person and then send him to trump and he will request to him for help and tell him that you are the only person who can make this deal.... Other countries are standings behinds you.... Please make a peaceful deal so this war ended up... Its look like Zelensky is not happy for peace deal he just want money and he not happy that Trump stopped this war he making mad to him so he get more money from Europe and USA...... Thats why he not happy with trump because trump not issueing funds but he want to stop war and Zelensky is not happy for this...... Just remove Zelensky because he dont want peace..... Just imagine u sitting in that country and saying no one nation in the world like Ukrainian no one have culture like Ukrainian etc etc he dont know manners and dont know formalities...... And what abt that stupid reporter question when trump start giving the answer and he start to ask second question to Zelensky and Zelensky ask to trump what he asked and trump repeating so much play ful games..... Makes trump hyper.... The reporter must say first if they have two questions then they say we have two questions so they ready to listen second question too but when he starts answering then he start second question... Its look like all trap... But trump is so smart when he say what he asked then he repeatedly said the sort of stupid question.... Trump 2.0 Reloaded
@@sergeyp8574, may be nonsence to you, but for ukrainian people Putins word means shit and that&#39;s what he was talking about.
Indeed.
It is understandable to think that he intended to ruin the meeting from the beginning.
Trumpetas only wants money. He has no heart. It&#39;s all money. Trump is the worse president I&#39;ve ever seen.
This is why you bring a translator while you yourself speak in your native language. That way you can avoid direct fights. Zelensky could&#39;ve done the same.
Zelensky started it, challenging Vp, and  interrupting c&#39;mon
No shit we&#39;ve never had such a bumbling awful first 30 days of a presidency before. This guy is full of hot air and extremely destructive. And that bleach blonde, bad build, butch body&#39;s b/f was asking the dumbest questions of all. SMFH 🙄
Great job, this video was very useful!
@@tyeouellette-tolles4344coz Trump is about making a deal to end war while Zelensky keeps on ranting about not going for a ceasefire which means a continuous war which he cannot afford without the billions of America.  Good that Trump finally lost control and point out how stupid he is as to gamble on WW3 and not care for the lost of lives.
Zelensky is a good actor. Never derve any trust
but at the same time the lord did not give you any cognitive ability
I very much enjoyed President Zelenskyy&#39;s facial expression (around <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1773">29:33) when djt was boasting about the many wars he&#39;s stopped ;...wars with countries you&#39;ve never heard of!;).  In all seriousness, no one comes close to being able to match djt&#39;s  improvisational comedic chops.  Rough road ahead.  Suggest America give SecState Marco Rubio hazardous duty pay.
If there was any hope left in Trump as a person it went up in the smoke of this dumpster fire.
Why on earth is this excuse for a president so insecure that he has to mention over and over again that he won the election? Isn&#39;t it obvious? What is he talking about ;raw earth;? Was nobody able to tell him that the deal is about rare earth - and maybe also let him know what it is he is talking about? Would help if he at least would appear educated. And why does he keep repeating that Europe is only extending loans to Ukraine? Just the old and proven method repeat lies over and over again and the public to busy to research for the truth will believe it. Despicable - the entire situation. I have lost all respect for these people -  lacking honesty as well culture.
@@rosemarykingpate7832 concentrated on the wrong shit clearly 💀
Hehehe... good one. He is a retard indeed.
There were too many things to cite from this interview but bro at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1840">30:40…I can not..”I’ve stopped a lot of wars…” “ No one has heard of these wars…” yeah because you’re lying trump
Mr Vance and President Trump.  How you attacked Zelensky is so totally unacceptable, it s breathtaking.  Who the hell do you think you are?  World peace is at stake and you guys had better come up with something better than just diplomacy and a business deal. Shocking behaviour.  I am Edita Mylonas from South Africa.  Now, if you want to give our President a run for his money, please go ahead.  He deserves it.  You will be applauded.
Indeed.
President Trump wants to stop the war❤ President Zelenskyy wants to continue the war, and make Russia stop😂 Zelensky, you do not respect the people dying in your own country
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
@@Paulshaggy And this is how I know you&#39;ve been lied to. Literally everything you&#39;re accusing Zelensky is doing, I&#39;ve seen VERIFIABLE PROOF that Putin IS actually doing those things. There are Nazis in Russia. Russia is drafting the MAJORITY of their soldiers, whereas people voluntarily enlist for Ukraine. Russia broke the cease-fire. And you call these ;lies,; but I would like to know where your source is? Where&#39;s the verifiable proof of that, that isn&#39;t from the Kremlin. If you can provide a genuine source for your arguments I will read them in good faith.
A bunch of idiots!!
Actually, the US, UK, and Russia (what irony) should. Ukraine gave up its nukes in the 90s, these countries signed up to guarantee their safety. Later, China and France also signed. Germany didn&#39;t promise them anything before 2022. And still, Germany is the second largest donor to Ukraine&#39;s defense after the US now.
Vance went to Europe talking of freedom of speeche but when Zelensky openly speek he is violently torne down by to men that tell Europe that their freedom of speeche is violated. What idiots.
What are you talking about!? You must be drunk.
I came back to watch this after the SNL skit randomly popped on my timeline.
Indeed.
Indeed.
Trump is embarrassing!
With great power comes greater responsibility ❤❤❤ what a iconic dialogue 😢😢😢
Zelensky is just an amateur in the game of politics
JD does Putin favours
What a joke - embarrassing for humanity.  VP Vance is a f__cking tool, say ;thank you;.  His country is fighting a war, there are bigger things at hand than saying thank you on TV in the oval office.
You&#39;re stupid. No questions are stupid. Remaining ignorant is.
You don&#39;t understand this won&#39;t stop here. You&#39;re not seeing the big picture.
N. Chamrerlain seems to be Trump’s role model. But DT doesn’t seem to understand that if it had not been for an attempt at     an unfair appeasement in 1938, WW2 would have probably never started.  Let us hope his decission will not have the same consequencess.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=128">2:08 maybe I&#39;m reading too much into it, but why did trump say, ;It was supposed to be over very quickly;? That would imply he had prior knowledge 🤔
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Indeed.
;Maybe something better; the best line ever! 😄👌🏻
Thank you for the great content!
What are you even saying?
;What could have been; like helping mediate peace between these two countries is actually beneficial to the US
I would too! It means you have a good heart.
English is not Zelenskyy&#39;s primary language, yet he still speaks it better than Trump. Too bad, contrary to western values, Trump still obviously supports his war criminal pal Putin.
Thank you for the great content!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Why aren&#39;t we talking about zelensky not being allowed answer multiple times in the first 30 minutes of the video? A question comes, trump answers, zelensky is ignored, next question. Finally at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1375">22:55 zelensky speaks up and asks if he can anwer. That&#39;s what I call disrespectful. Unbelievable.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Amazing content as always!
Americans need a better government. JD and Trump are a bunch of idiots.
@@ClydeSimonSound He did us a favor because now the ENTIRE WORLD knows without a shadow of a doubt, that Trump is on Russia&#39;s side. Thank you, Zelenskyy, for opening the eyes of the world. The Brits and Europeans are taking charge today. Trump and his VP eyeliner wannabe can go back to bed.
This was super helpful, thanks!
JD big smug ass smile at the end is disgusting
Throughout history, civilizations rise and fall. This has always intrigued me, and now we can see the fall of America live. The percentage of fools and idiots in the population take power, elect a psychopath, and gloat and dance, happy throughout the fall to ruin, convinced that the golden age is coming. Afterwards, of course, those who took part of this and can escape, jump ship, and the rest weep as they lose all understanding of what&#39;s going on. Very interesting.
I wonder how lunch was after this!
JD?
Don&#39;t be dumb. Ukraine is defending.
Vance is such a little instigating bitch. It was actually going pretty smooth til he jumped in and started being hostile towards Zelensky and Trump followed his lead. Trump &amp; Vance are such a bad combo.
Thank you for the great content!
Indeed!
It was a planned derailment by Trump and Vance.
Zelensky didn&#39;t screw up. Trump and Vance are retards, and so are you it seems.
oh my god
Zelenskyy
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I felt so angry when I saw this on tv. Trump &amp; his VP made this meeting a  public disgrace. Trump is not an informed person.  He only wants what he wants. I thank Pres. Zellinsky for being honest and forthright. I apologize to him from  the USA. I support Ukraine and their people that fight for freedom. Amen
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2838">47:18 another stupid question
You&#39;re too stupid to be commenting.
@ I’d say he was more hostile, but honestly it wasn’t a negotiation or any kind of peace talk. It was just a 2 v 1 and everyone knows it. It was foolish to think they would actually talk peace.
Trump is an Russian Asset
🇺🇸🇺🇸❤love our PRESIDENT &amp; HERE THEIR IS MUTUAL RESPECT PLEASE KEEP IT UP PRESIDENT TRUMP &amp; PRESIDENT ZELINSKY ❤🇺🇸🇺🇸Ukraine DESERVES ALL THEIR LAND BACK   🇺🇸🇺🇸❤
You explained this so well, thank you!
Someone told me to watch the whole thing not just what the news shows, and it makes a difference for me Trump treated him with respect, but Zelensky was not the way he acted with Biden? Trump was doing his business, and he can&#39;t control what the media asked about his clothing...... I thought he was very respectful of Zelensky and made sense about all the deaths I think Zelensky came loaded for bear .... Former Presidents have worked with Putin why is everyone accusing Trump of sucking up to Russia?  When you really look things up it&#39;s all the same players and Glen Beck has a good chalkboard explanation of all the actors.   and they are all the same even since the first impeachment proceedings of Donald J Trump over Ukraine look it up Veneman was on c span this morning he was also in the hearings of the impeachment of Trump and they are stirring the kettle again  it started with Obama and Biden in 2014 when Obama turned the Ukraine over to Joe Biden and Hunter Biden everyone needs to ask why Nato and Un will not let Ukraine in because of why?
Trump is the idiot what are you talking about?
The negotiated deal seems similar to those between the US and Russia, which divided Germany after WW2.
very civil until it goes off the rails here: <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2520">42:00
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
@@Paulshaggy The original comment sums up the entire meeting, guess you missed the point.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2799">46:39 😂no doubt, Zelensky is just like Biden, INCOMPETENT
He doesn&#39;t want peace because that would mean he will have to have elections. After he forced ppl to fight with Marshall law he will be replaced.
LOL, pick a finger
@@jonathanvales4635 that is BS and not borne out on the public record
Ok I&#39;ve listened to this interview from start to end. Zelenskyy had thanked Trump and the American ppl..countless times. Trump says very clearly he&#39;s not gonna worry about protections  ..he needs to get his deal signed. Zelenskyy wants the protections included in this deal and outlines why because Putin can&#39;t be trusted..Trump can&#39;t be trusted either.  Zelenskyy is smart enough to know that if the protections are not written into this deal.. Trump will not help
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
@@ancycat You are gravely mistaken. He doesn&#39;t want the war to ;just end; without security in place BECAUSE PUTIN CANNOT BE TRUSTED. You are taking it out of context (on purpose). Shame on you.
Earth is apparently best served raw.
so did nobody actually see what Zelenskyy&#39;s initial argument was? I don&#39;t understand why J.D Vance had to start arguing with him over something completely unrelated. his initial argument was about how can you trust Putin who never lives up to his deal? no amount of diplomacy can fix that.
Zelenskyy sounding like an entitled female 😂
He&#39;s such a retard, Trump.
Well said vance
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2743">45:43 shut up ZELENSKY for the sake of Ukraine
@@jonathanvales4635 no they have given more it is on record, again Magas live in fantasy land
YES!
This was super helpful, thanks!
I wonder what trump says to putin? Good lord its real onvious who he sides with! He says he is nuetral and acts like zelensky started the killing... He is all about russias best interest it seems like .. putin has to be laughing and smiling about this
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2604">43:24 Zelensky is leftist facist, and want war! We are not stupid!!
@@speedstyle. I think the hardcore point is to keep Russia from kidnapping, torturing, beating, and killing Ukrainians, and to return all the kidnapped Ukrainians back home to their families in the Ukraine.  You do know that if Putin conquers Ukraine that Putin is not going to stop there, and then we will have World War 3.  Putin is severely ticked off that certain countries sided with NATO, and those are the ones he will go after when he&#39;s done with Ukraine.Financial compensation in between Ukraine and whichever country helps them should be considered later.  President Zelinskyy was trying to point out that he didn&#39;t want his country to be obligated financially for the rest of their lives, which I will have to agree on.  President Trump is like a vulture that is trying to come in for the final kill.  Also, how do we know that Trump and Putin isn&#39;t in this thing together.  Putin conquers Ukraine, and then Russia and the USA divide the spoils of war between each other.  Think about it.
Trump :;You want me to be tough, i could be tougher than any human being you&#39;ve ever seen i&#39;d be so tough, but you never get a deal that  way;Zelensky : ;aight bet;
No humanity left in the government of the USA, it seems. Just business. Human lives matter not. Only USA! Money! Yay! You will feel it.... everything comes around...
Thank you for the great content!
I blame this on JD Vance. Trump should’ve ended the conversation before I got out of hand. JD Vance should’ve of stayed out of it.
This was the most despicable thing I have ever seen in all my 64 years. Trump should be impeached.
Ukraina is not a civilised country. Corruption is the main word for all politicians in Ukraine.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2604">43:24 Zelensky think he&#39;s entitled, such stupid sounds like drunk
zelenski was disrespectful , he started this mess . he came there like he was an old grandpa looking for a fight . he should not forget . his country exists because of the defense funding from usa; zelenski is too stupid to be a president of a country
Zelenski says in the very beginning he doesn&#39;t want the war to end. Go back and listen to zelensky
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Awww jd why did you mess up a good relationship
Aren&#39;t Germany should be the one who protect Ukraine?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2532">42:12 this is the moment when Zelensky screwed it up!!  NO DEAL STUPID!
So disappointed with Trump, God bless Ukraine
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
In a room where power and arrogance reigned, Zelensky stood unwavering, embodying dignity agains&#39;t Trump&#39;s and Vance&#39;s crudeness. He drew strength not from bravado but from the sacrifice of Ukranians resisting Russian invasion. While the hosts reveled in their ignorance, the ;little man in black; bore the weight of a nation, showing that true strength lies in humility and unwavering resolve. His stance against tyranny wasn&#39;t just defiance-it was a lesson in dignity that history will not forget.
Ukraine broke its promise when they tried to be apart of nato, they already overthrew the elected Russian government in 2014, Ukraine was a corrupt nation
Can&#39;t believe there is a more bullying person then Trump who wants to score.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2490">41:30 well where was the European Union
You mean when trump said the killing needs to stop on both sides and parents are losing their kids. And Zelensky started with well they started it😂
I have to be perfectly honest here. Zelensky&#39;s concern was perfectly valid. He was basically asking, ;Vlad broke his promise and attacked us anyway, who is to say he won&#39;t do it again? What kind of diplomacy would prevent such a thing?;Vance did no one any favors by suddenly jumping out and calling him disrespectful.
The VP JD caused the whole brouhaha He&#39;s too brash n disrespectful. Guess he&#39;s emotionally pressured to impress his boss
I’m ashamed to be american
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2423">40:23 this answer bother Zelensky, he&#39;s Biden&#39;s buddy
I see a man and a hero without a suit,  and a cowardly piece of shit in a suit.
All he needs is cap in hand ,now off to Europe looking for money. Us should back out completely and let Europe deal with him.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2332">38:52 stupid question, well comes from european leftist media...
He expected someone got hundreds billions aid say “ thanks “ in this media session. Too much to ask?
DJT refers to “raw earth”??
😊😊😊
Breaking News: Putin offers to meditate a Peace Deal b2n Zelensky n Trump 😅😂Sarcasm 😅
Great job, this video was very useful!
There was only one leader, one man who has earned admiration, one man who deserves respect in the Oval Office yesterday...and it wasn&#39;t an American. As Sen. Elizabeth Warren said shortly after he was elected the first time, ;Any country capable of electing Donald Trump was already in deep trouble.;
Very Funny 😂😅
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
woah thats so deep dude! or was it a meeting between an out of touch businessman with massive backing and an out of touch entertainer with massive backing (from the same people that back the busisnessman) or is that too deep for your reddit posted 95 IQ brain ?
Things were going great, right up until JD Vance opened his big mouth.
Trump low key son him nbs he said be grateful 😂
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
People don’t admire America just for its wealth, but for its diversity, freedom, and support for the weak. Trump seems to believe that without America, the world cannot survive, forgetting that many great nations existed long before it. In his time, he has undone a century of America’s legacy.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Вы о ком, Путин же не приехал на встречу
Great job, this video was very useful!
@@pr1nce.ca1eb BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 😂🤣💀
Wakakakakaa....... trump already allocated the US tax money to..... Beebee $∆tan¥∆Hoooo
This is a lesson for all countries! It became clear to everyone that all the agreements, all the security guarantees after the surrender of nuclear weapons and strategic bombers and much more, are not even worth the paper on which the country’s security guarantees were signed!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Zelinski blew it. He showed his true colours-1. He doesn’t listen to anyone but himself.2. He has no respect for America. 3. He just wants America to bend over backwards to make him look god4. Zelinski doesn’t care about Ukraine, nor the tens of thousands who will die as he makes his ridiculous demands from a foreign power who simply wants to broker a peace as quickly as possible.5. Why won’t Zelinski hold a democratic election to see what the people he claims to represent want?6. Let the EU get into bed with Zelinski and see how quickly the war escalates into a pan European war.7. God help us all for unless Ukraine gets a leader who has wisdom, Ukraine will be defeated. It is not a question of “if Ukraine will be defeated”, but the question is now tragically, “when”?
And JD, so aggressive, so unnecessary. Disgusting idiot.
How can you have a conversation with these goons. Vance and Trump are ridiculous. All this was unnecessary
Look at the expression on Zelensky&#39;s face from the very beginning of the meeting. Sometimes the face says more than the words
Thank you for uploading the full meeting. I appreciate it, because most media are very selective on which parts are shown to the public in many countries. President Zelensky deserves a full ovation for standing up for his country the way he did!
This journalist who asked about the suit must have half a brain, what a senseless idiot.
Absolutely not. Zelensky will wear a suit when the war ends. This is his vow. And it is necessary to pay attention. He is the President of the country that was attacked.
Vance is not a legitimate VP, i wanna see his birth certificate. Im pretty sure he was born in Russia.
This was super helpful, thanks!
@darkness5704  I guess he is more front line than trump that seems to think that that battle dress is a tacky 3 piece suite  and a toupe will inspire marines to get behind him when Russia invades alalska and the only way to save them is via Canadian soil and Canada may just say, ;sorry guys, we are supporting others on the eastern front so Russia can have a safe route through Canada to America if required.  Sort of swedish style on Norway in WW2.
Americans how do you allow this idot to be your president?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2566">42:46 Zelenskyj say ,, suka,, ( bi..tc..h.) 😮🫣
I watched the video. It is apparent Zelenskyy didn’t want  mineral deal, he wants a “ peace” which drags US into the conflict.  Trump wants an economic, mineral deal fist, ( that is exactly what he promised during his campaign, stop killing) he wants to use economy to achieve peace.
Did you even follow Zelensky&#39;s facial expression? 🤔 His face speaks volumes
Tr ump is a Russian asset. MAGA you voted for it. Are you to stupid to see wtf is happening? Clown show
@@JoyreidisaracissssssssI think the words you&#39;re looking for are &#39;undignified barbaric behaviour&#39;
@@_mysilentblue2227Russia shouldn’t get to walk out of this with square INCH of Ukrainian land. If there ceasefire now, Russia wins.
Jeśli dobrze zrozumiałam to, co zostało powiedziane, to nie będzie pokoju na mocy żadnych umów. Jeśli Prezydent Trump tak chce to załatwić z człowiekiem, który ma umowy w dupie- Prezydent Putin, to nie osiągnie celu. To próbuje wytłumaczyć obywatelom USA Prezydent Zeleński. To tak jakby próbować targować się z bandytą.
@ seriously though it’s not a stupid question. Know your history.
This is what happens when people listen only to respond instead of to understand. Trumps an idiot and his ego got to him right here. Y&#39;all can have the mines if y&#39;all keep protecting them not a hard deal. Zelensky is saying what democracy because the Russians are going to do whatever they want..
Could it be that…:::2014  Problems begin in Ukraine. The President of the United States was Barack Obama.  :::2015  The Minsk II Agreements are signed between Ukraine, Russia, the OSCE, and pro-Russian separatists. These agreements would remain the main diplomatic framework for attempting to resolve the conflict in Donbas.  :::2017  <b>*January*</b> – Donald Trump is elected President of the United States.  Over the next four years, Trump did nothing to enforce the agreements between Ukraine and Russia, in which:  - Russia accused Ukraine of not granting autonomy to separatist regions.  - Ukraine accused Russia of not withdrawing troops and support for the separatists.  - The ceasefire was constantly violated.  <b>*March*</b> – Italy’s Northern League party, represented by Matteo Salvini, signed a cooperation agreement with United Russia, Vladimir Putin’s party. This raised discussions about the possible alignment of the League with Russian policies.  :::2018  <b>*October*</b> – During a visit to Moscow, Gianluca Savoini, a close associate of Matteo Salvini, attended meetings with Russian officials to negotiate a possible financial deal for the League through discounts on oil supplies.  :::2019  Trump temporarily blocked military aid to Ukraine, a move that led to his first impeachment over the so-called ;Ukrainegate.;  <b>*December*</b> – In Paris, a meeting was held between the leaders of Ukraine (Zelensky), Russia (Putin), Germany (Merkel), and France (Macron) to revive the Minsk negotiations.  The results were modest:  - A new ceasefire was agreed upon (which later failed).  - Further prisoner exchanges were planned.  - Zelensky requested control of the border with Russia before elections in the occupied territories, but Putin refused.  During Trump’s presidency, the U.S. maintained and expanded sanctions against Russia, but without pushing too hard to stop Moscow.  :::2020  <b>*July*</b> – A new ceasefire agreement was signed between Ukraine and the Donbas separatists, with Russia’s support. For a few months, clashes decreased, but by the end of 2020, violations resumed.  At this point, a possible deal between Trump and Putin becomes evident: if Trump had won in 2020, he would likely have left Ukraine in Russia’s hands. If not, Putin had Trump’s approval to start a war that would weaken Biden and Europe—allowing Trump to return to office with the promise of ;ending it in 24 hours.;  :::2021  <b>*January*</b> – Joe Biden is elected President of the United States.  :::2022  <b>*February*</b> – Trump begins his propaganda, claiming that if he had been president, he would have ended the war in 24 hours.  Would the war have started with Trump? I don’t think so, because Trump and Putin had a shady agreement.  Biden and Europe had no choice but to rightfully try to contain Russia. Interestingly, Moscow did not use its usual strategy of bombing everything to the ground, as in past wars. Instead, the ;special operation; turned into a war of attrition, kept in a delicate balance—at least until a possible Trump return to the White House.  At this point, it becomes clear why Putin never truly sought peace in any of his statements—he was waiting for someone: Trump.  <b>*September*</b> – A report from the European Parliament highlights Russian interference with European parties, including Italy’s League, emphasizing their cooperation with the Russian regime.  A U.S. intelligence report reveals that since 2014, Russia has transferred over $300 million to political parties and candidates in more than 20 countries, including Europe, to influence elections and internal policies. While the report does not publicly list specific recipients, it exposes a Russian strategy aimed at supporting Kremlin-friendly movements.  :::2023  Trump continues his propaganda, claiming he can end the war in 24 hours.  :::2024  Trump continues his propaganda, claiming he can end the war in 24 hours.  <b>*October*</b> – Spain’s right-wing Vox party seeks to strengthen its electoral position by aligning with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán. This move raises questions about possible Russian influence, as Orbán recently met with Putin, openly challenging European institutions.  :::2025  <b>*January*</b> – Trump is re-elected President of the United States.  Musk and Trump support European right-wing movements.  The outcome of the recent meeting with Zelensky is well known to everyone.  ### Conclusion  Could it be that Trump has betrayed the ideals of the American people, the European people, and democracies by making a reckless deal with Putin years ago?  Russia is reclaiming Eastern Europe, and Trump has returned to power in the U.S., leveraging the pressure Putin has exerted on the West since 2022.  Is the world heading toward a rise in fascism and Nazism?
None of the participants really had any skill in negotiating plus they used positional bargaining open this really needed principal negotiation. The constant subtle innuendos of insults that Trump kept making you can tell when he was by Zelenski face. Vance turned it on its head and allowed the floodgates of Trump&#39;s disdained
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
⁠​⁠Trump is trying to negotiate a peace deal. He made that clear in his opening dialogue. Trump was also complimentary to Ukraine and the bravery of its soldiers! Yet what’s was the first words Zelensky utters?…”we will not negotiate and compromise with that (Putin) terrorist” Zelensky then asks for more money for weapons to fight the war..that Trump is trying to end! He wasn’t just referring to future security.
My favourite Zelensky video is still the one where he plays the piano with his manhood for comedic effect.  I can see how he became leader of an obscure East Bloc country populated with blonde love scammers and a threat to world peace, hes very talented.<a =":/rb0IZEF8-4k">:/rb0IZEF8-4k
Tell zelensky what happened to the 350 billion and who&#39;s packet the money went to his packet because to me he wants more he does not care about the people only the Free money .I as an American Indian don&#39;t tests him
I would feel ashamed to be American. How do you elect such idiots?
Trump the dimpa stupid as every let do a deal fool you nothing lime for fathers you know this deep inside you know infirior they look down on you fool every things you out you hand in file evrything even misa  world silly man you are the way you are coz you know bow infirior yoh are in can see it and small it get out foool
US proving once again why everyone hates them
@darkness5704  I also agree I&#39;m just saying it was kept civil until Vance got a tad hostile
Zelensky is sooo right!!! The American people will feel it! Oh they will! For what they&#39;re doing with Ukraine and Palestine!!!
Vance was wrong here and so does Trump
Trump was just as hostile if not more.
What does this have to do with Vincent, look at Zelensky&#39;s face from the very beginning
Vance. You are spinning the beginning and the end that has me bothered. As an American and proud supporter of our beautiful country, Zelenskyy is only speaking for his own. He said thank you multiple times within the first 5 minutes of this interview. Many Americans may never rewatch this to contradict your word. Yet, you… a declared leader, dare threaten propaganda when you are only speaking your own propaganda. You should be ashamed. Trump backed you out of respect. You got 1 chance of backing from a fellow leader. Then you cut your chances of another backing. Be honest, be true, be humble, be kind. I’m appalled by how we treated our guest, President Zelenskyy. This interview reminded me of the movie, “The Interview.” I understand the severity of what could have or was said in the interview. However, it could have been handled more professionally. You sir, Mr. Vance, need to reflect on reflective listening before you speak again.
@@Paulshaggy oh yeah no you are right, ukraine invaded russia and is now threatening to take over the entire world and only Trump and Putin together can stop him. Get a grip.
@@Paulshaggy Can you list any lies?
@@pr1nce.ca1ebit was clear from the beginning that Zelensky wanted to have the US commit troops if a ceasefire were to be broken. Zelensky and his hubris will lead us all to WW3. Obama and Biden would have bent over and taken it up the back, so yes I’m sure they would’ve allowed themselves to be man handled by Zelensky in their own country after giving Ukraine hundreds of billions of dollars and the ability to fight for as long as they have
He asked the question many many people , including me, want to ask. What wrong it?
Zelensky wasn&#39;t here to discuss stopping the war, and this have been the case since the beginning.. to him is about the money he gains not the lives both sides loses.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
From the very beginning, Zelensky showed with all his appearance that he was doing America a favor
The conversation was ok until President Zielinskyy made a perceived threat against the USA.  Zielinskyy did say thank you.  Also Zielinskyy wants our boots there.
I&#39;m herevwatching the entire session waiting for the minute when things went wrong, patiently
I support TRUMP!
If your country can’t BE a country without the USA; you DO NOT have a country !
Ohhh poor Zelenskyy…When he said ; we are alone in this war from 2022 ; I think that is when Tramp lost his patience.Zelenskyy pathetic lying grog addicted.You had 50 countries behind your back and millions of US dollars to support you , and yet he claims that they are alone .He is a war criminal and a dictator!War it’s the only thing that keeps him in power!
JD Vance is like Ellis out of Die Hard
ZELENSKY wants more armament, 😂😂😂😂 Kaytlan shut up!😂
Good god, who was that fashion maven reporter who sarcastically asked President Zelenskyy if he owes a suit?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1429">23:49 HERE STARTED, such an idiot....going on and on, security guarantees, more expenditures on armament instead re-build and development, ...
Let&#39;s make orange important again.
President Donald Trump is working as peacekeeper in our world and end wars.
Never trust a man with a nicer suit than yoursThe bigger the smile the sharper the knife.Ferengi rules of acquisition 47,48
This is a mess 😳
A friend of America needs no more enemies
What great fighters? Ukranians are sitting behind drones and mortars 90% of the time!
I stand with President Trump and future president J.D. Vance!
@@blankagainst8645 💁
I don’t understand how is it possible that Americans with their democracy would choose Trump. We wish we had such freedom and could choose someone like Zelensky. This Vance used very terrible way to speak with the president of Ukraine
Vance is a damn idiot.  What does he want President Zelenskyy to do, call Trump &#39;Godfather&#39; then kiss his ring....
Putin can stop at anytime.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
@ I mean I’m not the only one who said this look at the rest of the comments lol
A suit is a courtesy, not just a simple thank you! Even the president of a poor country should wear a suit to attend international conferences to show respect! Is this exhausted, stressed, and poor appearance also a performance to gain sympathy?
So America wants to take Ukraine’s minerals in the name of peace without offering any security guarantees. Why would any sane president agree to such a meaningless contract? Putin will attack as soon as Trump leaves the White House.
by lying like 25 times in less than 1 hour???
Трамп сто раз прав, миру мир!❤
JD Vance really needs to shut his mouth. All was fine until he had to jump in and try to protect Trump. We get it JD, you kneel and kiss the ring. The adults are talking; they&#39;ll let you know if they need something from you. We don&#39;t need you meddling. What a clown.
Russia had been waiting since 2014 for the implementation of the Minsk agreements and did not attack anyone. Zelensky came to power in 2019—he had three years to establish peace in Donbas. He ran for office with a promise of peace but deceived everyone. Before launching the special military operation, Russia asked the U.S. for security guarantees and for Ukraine not to join NATO, but these concerns were simply laughed at and ignored. Merkel and Hollande stated that the Minsk agreements were merely a trick to allow Ukraine to build up its military strength and were never intended to be fulfilled by Ukraine. The U.S. spent $5 billion on a coup in Ukraine in 2014. So who is the liar and aggressor here?
Very good, Mr. President Trump and the US Vice President and Secretary of State. Also good with Zelensky. The last 10 minutes started with the US Vice President saying that Zelensky was propagandizing against Russia, but he himself also campaigned for the American people of Pennsylvania to vote for Biden and not for Trump. Zelensky was a bit stubborn and despised the Vice President because of Zenleski&#39;s disrespectful criticism, and the most wrong thing was to argue with Trump to protect Ukraine. This is where they disagreed. But President Trump exposed the Biden administration&#39;s distortions and showed that this administration was very dirty when it slandered the computer containing business transactions with Ukraine at his son Hunter Biden&#39;s company Burismaz and blamed Putin for manipulating and sabotaging the US presidential election to cover up the crime of corruption and manipulation of US politics that Trump himself had to say out loud. In short, Trump must deal with the consequences of Biden causing Russia to attack Ukraine and Hamas to attack Israel on October 7, 2021, which is very tiring and not easy!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1224">20:24 that question comes again from retard masculine butt Kaytlan 😂😂😂
yeah? and you so smart bro so smart noname with a smart comments
that literally is how a kindergartener will react when his air balloon got popped lol. history rhymes itself. it is nice to see how great powers decides how to split the world in live action
How come  somebody ask about Zelenskyy to wear suit damn😂. People think his acting to not wear suits
I wish some people had some common sense. Trump pulled a really really smart move here. And Zelenskyy is being greedy and selfish
People all over world including America and Russia, is with Zelensky
Incomprehensible...   An amazing nation of approx. 350 million people,  and the best they can do is elect  two abnormally stupid, narcissistic people?  So sad to see the US isolate itself from former friends and allies,  but hey, God bless America...
Театр 😮
Trump to Zelensky “Sign here to turn over all Ukraine’s rare earth minerals worth millions upon millions of dollars” “The US won’t protect Russia from digging those minerals while executing all Ukrainians, but it is better than WWIII”
Why is Zelenskyy trying to escalate the war and ask us for more money. Then he said if we don’t give him more our men will end up fighting for him. And then he even went as far as to say that Ukraine has been standing and fighting all alone this whole time. Exactly! Because if anyone else gets involved and fights with them we start ww3 🤦🏼‍♀️ trump is trying to tell him he doesn’t need more weapons because it’s going to end, and Ukraine stocking up on more weapons before trying to end the war looks really bad to russsia, Russia will never agree
commenter without a simple ability to search for some real information
I’m trying to find out how much it would take for them😮
Dirty guy , Vance
It’s sad that America allows retards like you to have an opinion and are allowed to voice it. You are so stupid. You should never open your mouth again.
Did the journalists actually bother to ask real useful questions such as where all the bllions of aid dissappeared in Ukraine? And this was admitted by Zelensky himself by the way that he has no clue where they went. I also wanna clearify something that Trump said about Europe getting their money back in form of a loan is not entirely correct. And its not a small contribution they have given either. According to many sources;The European Union (EU) and its member states have collectively provided substantial support to Ukraine, particularly since Russia’s invasion in 2022. As of early 2025, the EU reports having provided close to $145 billion (approximately €134 billion) in total assistance, which includes financial, military, humanitarian, and refugee support. Of this, about 35% has been in the form of loans, while 65% has been grants or in-kind support. This indicates that while a significant portion of the aid is indeed loans, the majority is not repayable by Ukraine directly.;Notably, these loans are designed to be repaid using extraordinary profits from immobilized Russian sovereign assets, meaning Ukraine itself may not bear the repayment burden.;Which basically means that the ;loan; is basically gonna be paid back by frozen sanctioned assets of russia. Its a funny type of loan if u ask me ^_^
Students get arrested  for speaking out for Palestine and DJ Vance says ;we believe in free speech in this country;. A joke!🤬
;We&#39;ve got a lot of oil, a lot of gas, but we don&#39;t have RAW EARTH.;  With little effort, djt is uniquely comical.
so you think it&#39;s fine to go to the oval office in the US to meet president of the US dressed like you&#39;re about to go for a jog? lol
Эх. I am sorry . M ze f .... Go home! 0
<a =":/742RRwT5JBk">:youtu.be/742RRwT5JBk?si=7SXWXWJaoIS-jTiD
Americans, Russian court requires over 10000000000000000000 dollars from Google. Are you really wish to say goodbye to Google?
@@a.b.williams5604 The reporter was sending a message. You have to read between the lines. It&#39;s politics.
It was going so good then it got so intense!!
My take on the Ukrainian war following the recent verbal clash at the White House between Trump and  ZelenskyDVance, Vice President of USA asked why Ukraine wasn&#39;t thanking the U.S. for billions in taxpayer-funded aid? Instead of thanking America, Zelensky snapped—warning the U.S. doesn’t “understand what’s coming.”That’s WHEN DonaldTrump cut him down: ;You don’t have the cards right now.; Trump was right. Zelenskyy has never had the cards. He isn’t some brave leader calling the shots. He’s a desperate man, clinging to power in a collapsing regime—propped up by Western money, weapons &amp; propaganda.And with Ukraine losing the PR war &amp; real war, he&#39;s panickingUkraine wasn&#39;t an independent actor in this war. The real power brokers are in Washington, Brussels &amp; London, playing their geopolitical games.This war was engineered to weaken Russia. To understand that, you need to understand the history that they’ll never tell you. Ukraine and Russia have been bound together for over 1,000 years. Kiev, Ukraine’s capital, once the heart of Kievan Rus—the first great Slavic state—laid the foundations for Russia itself. Ukraine’s very name means ;borderland;—which means the borderland of Russia. For centuries, it was an integral part of the Russian Empire, not some “oppressed” nation. Even during the Soviet era, Ukraine wasn’t occupied—it was central to the USSR. Even Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev was Ukrainian.When the USSR collapsed, Ukraine became independent and Washington stepped in—not to help Ukraine, but to weaponise it against Russia.The U.S. &amp; NATO lied to Gorbachev, promising they wouldn’t expand “one inch eastward.; Yet NATO moved into Poland and the Baltic States. Ukraine was the ultimate NATO prize. The West poured billions into Ukraine—funding pro-NATO political groups, NGOs &amp; media to manufacture an anti-Russian state.In 2004, the CIA backed the ;Orange Revolution,; overturning an election that favoured a pro-Russian candidate. The real coup came in 2014.Ukraine’s democratically elected president, Viktor Yanukovych, rejected an EU trade deal that would have destroyed Ukraine’s economy. That was unacceptable to Washington. So they removed him via a manufactured colour revolution. The so-called ;Maidan Revolution; wasn’t a grassroots movement. It was a CIA-backed coup—orchestrated by officials like @VictoriaNuland. So brazen was Washington, that Nuland was even caught on a leaked call, handpicking Ukraine’s next leader before Yanukovych was gone. The violent mobs that took over Kiev weren’t peaceful protesters. They were led by neo-Nazi groups like Azov Battalion—groups that openly celebrate Nazi collaborators and wear SS insignia.These same groups now receive Western weapons. The post-coup regime then banned the Russian language—directly attacking millions of Russian-speaking Ukrainians in the east.That’s when Donbass &amp; Crimea said enough. Crimea held a referendum—over 90% voted to return to Russia. The Donbass also voted for independence. The people of the Donbass rejected Kiev—but Kiev wouldn’t let them go. Instead, they launched a brutal war on their own people, shelling civilians for eight years. Where was the Western outrage? Nowhere! (Except at the start with this CNN story on the atrocities!) And what about @ZelenskyyUa? Who is he? Is he an organic leader who came from nowhere or was he installed?Covert Action reported that, in 2020, Zelenskyy secretly met with MI6 head Richard Moore. Why would a foreign president meet with the UK’s top spy instead of its PM? Is Zelenskyy a UK asset? According to reports, he is personally protected by British, not Ukrainian security. When he visited the Vatican, he snubbed the Pope and met with a British bishop. Guess who else was there? Richard Moore from MI6 again! That&#39;s some coincidence. Before politics, Zelenskyy was a comedian and actor—literally playing the president on a TV show. Then, with the help of Western PR teams, fiction became reality.His campaign was funded by oligarch Ihor Kolomoisky, who owned Ukraine’s largest oil company and bank. Once in power, Zelenskyy’s priority wasn’t fighting corruption—it was making sure BlackRock &amp; Western banks took over Ukraine’s economy.Meanwhile, he funnelled millions into offshore accounts, and acquired a $34m mansion in Miami as well as a $3.8m London apartment. By 2022, NATO had armed Ukraine to the teeth, and Kiev had amassed forces near Donbass.Russia had a choice:❌ Let Donbass face ethnic cleansing❌ Let NATO turn Ukraine into a military base✅ InterveneThey intervened, just as other nations would in those circumstances. The media screamed “unprovoked invasion.” But NATO expansion, the 2014 coup, eight years of war on Donbass—this war was provoked every step of the way.Ukraine was set up as a pawn. With Ukraine losing, Zelenskyy is being abandoned. DonaldTrump told him: ;You don’t have the cards.; And he’s right. This war was engineered. Ukraine needed Western intervention to win and that would mean WW3. It’s time the world wakes up to that reality. The war in Ukraine was deliberately provoked by the West. Zelenskyy is just another puppet—his time is running out. And Trump? He knows. He wants peace—not another endless war.
So is Zelenskyy fighting on the front lines or something? Took off his holster and helmet before he walked in the White House?
President Trump knows the story already and he&#39;s not buying the cry of zelenski so he knows how to speak to him.
Ukraine&#39;s previous president had lots of negotiations with ruzzia in 2014 and 2015 and until Zelenskyy became president in 2019. Of course the information of what was negotiated (including whatever secret parts there were) was passed on to Zelenskyy when he came into office. And a lot was public knowledge anyway. Like, there were negotiations, there were press conferences at the end where a ceasefire was announced, then boom, next day ruzzians were shooting again. Zelenskyy knew about this before becoming president. He did political comedy, do you think he had no idea what was going on in the country? For a successful political comedy show you have a whole team of people who follow the news.
Zelenskyy was a freakn stand up comedian until the democrats in the USA installed him as president of Ukraine so they could set up several gain of function labs. As well as launder American tax payer money for democrats. That’s the entire reason the USA let this happen. To hide their crimes. Zelenskyy should NEVER have been allowed to run a burger stand let alone a country. And now he’s extremely rich and a hustler. PERIOD. I hope Trump takes every rare earth mineral they have to get the USA’s tax payers money back with a ton of interest. The entire staff of Obama and Biden should all be investigated and if found to be guilty of what we all know they’ve done, be thrown in prison.
Trump is clearly trying to capitalize on this war. Someone that is on Ukraine’s side would not say “I’m in the middle”, “both sides have been hostile” “I can’t speak badly about someone”. Absolutely degrading. This manchild didn’t surprise me, he just keeps getting me angry for the fact that he is so dangerous yet so powerful.
Like in Russia about Yeltsin or Gorbachev.
There’s murder and rape on both sides. You think Ukraine is the good guys? They hate minorities
fuck Russia and Donald trump. Hats off for ukraine🎩🇺🇦💛💙
З. Ты Дурак?.... Чмо!
@@UniMindPerson EU being insane with a continue war wishes
@ The deal where we give Zelensky our money and we get nothing for it? GOOD!🇺🇸
Hes not disrespectful...Vance is the disrespectful one! No suprise there! Trump &amp; Vance are a disgrace to this country and our allies!
Also the election was a ;mandate; (I assume he meant landslide).
He mean to say this has happened before even after agreement and just want to know that&#39;s this wouldn&#39;t happen again, you the greatest country In the world start yelling at him people from the great authority, Well America isn&#39;t good and great  as I Heard 🇳🇵
I love President Trump
lmfao these puppet who was made by the US into who and what he is at the moment is starting to act like he is a real sovereign leader of a powerful state. buddy should sit down before they snip his parachute strings and the russians end up delivering pizzas directly into his behind. What a circus this all is, the US already benefited greatly from the sacrifice of ukrainians and the death of russians. This puppet couldnt even figure out that if he promised not to join NATO no one would even have died of this war, but uh that&#39;s not the reason he was chosen for was it?
Pretty sad.
Yes well the people who aren’t doing their jobs typically lose that job. This wasn’t common under Biden…. Until Biden started having everyone who didn’t get vaccinated get fired. And depleted our military because they didn’t want to get vaccinated
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2537">42:17 he put JD right on his stupid ass. Our president and vice president are so stupid that they don’t even remember that they were already was a cease fire deal during the Trump administration that Putin broke and now they want another cease-fire deal and he’s asking what’s the difference when Putin doesn’t follow the laws of war why would we get a cease-fire deal when we already had one that he violated? Trump and JD are so retarded. They don’t know how to answer the question. They’re not smart enough to answer the question and they’re probably on Russia’s side Trump and JD support the invasion and the murder of children in Ukraine. They don’t want peace they want power. And it’s sad that the bullet missed Trump’s brain. Good thing is we only have 3 1/2 more years of these retards and he can never be president again. Unfortunately, the American public might be slightly stupider than our president and will vote for another retard when the time comes.
1. You care about a dude who hunts people on the street to throw them out to the frontlines against their will.2. You care about a dude who has nazi batallions in the army like Azov, Right Sector, Tornado etc3. You care about a dude who lied like 25 times in less than an hour and also broke multiple peace agreements with Russia like Minsk 1 and Minsk 2 4. You care about a dude who is illegitimate president of his country and HIGH AF without a suit on the most important meeting of his life and his country in US in front of a president.
Unbelievable
stop crying little girl
Trump , Musk — DEPLORABLES  CLOWNS !!!!!
Hey Ukraine, how does it feel to have your leader look like a bitch in front of the world and show he doesn’t care about yall enough to have a ceasefire?
Trump is a ginger plague on America and, stupid, narcissistic demagogue, outlaw. He has no control what he says or what he does. All he has to do is flatter and and praise and curse Biden. Then he can be successfully to manipulate him. Which is what these Vences and Masks are doing.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
JD got anger problems
@ Exactly, this would’ve gone better, had someone like Biden or even Obama been there. Unfortunately it didn’t and now I guess we’ll see what happens next with this.
The problem is JD Vance.
Stop disrespect n yelling at him just imagine you being at his place what you would do, there he perfectly and bravely protecting and fighting for his county 🇳🇵
The utter disrespect towards zelensky while trump kisses putins ass is extremely off-putting. How does he plan on being a pioneer for a russian ukranian indefinite peace deal when he can&#39;t even find peace in himself to have a respectful conversation with the president of the victim in this whole ordeal. All this man sees is money.
Now that&#39;s what the democracy is! we need this kinda politics, clear and cut and fully transparent. Loved it really.
JD.... 🤡
You can visit Ukraine and live 3 years in Kharkov.
A man who has already taken sides in a war, is more interested in what he can get out of the war torn country, insulting his predecessors, and  then minimizing the destruction of a Nation and its people is NOT someone who should be a President of anything, let alone a Country.  He&#39;s a disgrace, an embarrassment, and an absolutely deplorable human being.  Shame on you!!!
Perfect.
😂  Please do your worst.
The way they disrespect 😢
@@UnBroken11100 Ukraine is not in a position to believe or disbelieve Trump, he tried to convey this all the time, but Zelensky is out of touch with reality
He didn’t? Tf is wrong with you, he said he’s aligning with the people who need to come to an agreement because if he only takes one side then he can’t be the mediator
Do you think Americans will follow his order to attack EU?
Yep, should’ve never been there
Vance was hostile towards Zelenskyy and then the whole deal went off the rails.
Why is Zelenskyy bad mouthing the person he’s trying to make a deal with lmao then asking us for more money and weapons bc if we don’t give it to him our men are gonna fight a war. Get real, Zelenskyy wants more from us and he doesn’t like hearing no
Zelenskyy said costume but meant suit. The Ukrainian word for suit sounds just like the English word costume. And Zelenskyy has mixed up that word in previous interviews.
All I can say is this ,I found out information from a real source .That the Russians were killing civilians digging mass graves and stealing thousands of children and putting them in Russia .Sure enough Zelensky is showing Trump pictures of torture and mass graves and he says they took thousands of children .To me sounds scary this isn&#39;t good Zelensky will never concede to Putin as long as they are taking children That&#39;s going to far man .We don&#39;t know the truth about what going on in that war .What role does the CIA play in that war It&#39;s got CIA written all over it do they know where all the money went ? All I know This Isn&#39;t good 😮ooh shit
Guys, this is much funnier than some comedy movies.
world war three??? Who;s side will you be on Donald???
What kind of diplomacy are you talking about??
😂
that&#39;s how deeply fd your brain is, Trump said 100 times he wants peace and ppl to stop dying and your conclusion - Trump is embarrasing. That&#39;s how you know you&#39;re not a smart or good human being.
Will the EU step up and put their money where their mouth is? Or does the EU expect the USA to continue to fund the war with US taxpayers money and to supply Ukraine with astonishing amounts of modern weaponry? Perhaps the EU wants the US to provide hundreds of thousands of soldiers to do the job the combine EU countries should have done three years ago?
I&#39;ve reported you. Cos bullying is no-no.
How disgraceful for Trump andVance to treat president of Ukraine. The president of Ukraine just wants the security of his people to be safe and all the prisoners that Russia has to be released. What’s wrong with that before signing anything? Would you sign on the dotted line without all the facts?
Zelensky doesn’t really want the war to end. I suspect zelensky is making some money from the USD 350 billions . Could this be why he doesn’t want to end the war? He mentioned Russia lost 700,000 soldiers, but didn’t say how many Ukrainian soldiers died. Trump doesn’t want more young men to die from both sides.
he’s getting them from the news cast that are in ukraine and from russia. however i can 100% tell you those were not all just ukrainians. russian soldiers are also getting beat up mocked tortured and then killed. both sides are doing this it’s not just one and that what has always bothered me about zelensky when  he talks about ukraine it’s always russia is doing this russia did that when no one actually looks at why everything even happened. did you guys even know that the war has actually been going on for 20 years? no america doesn’t because no one wants to see that. once soviet union broke the ukrainian leaders have tortured our civilians for many years. both russia and ukraine are in the wrong and i think that’s important to see
Does Trump not?
Europe is running into the warm embrace of the peoples Republic of China. It&#39;ll just be a matter of time they come screaming for us to save them. They&#39;re screaming for help now because of Russia. Clearly Zelensky and Europe don&#39;t want a cease fire because the facts are they cannot win this war, they need us and our weapons to even stay in it so instead of throwing away money and lives it&#39;s time to negotiate peace. Europeans and Zelensky cannot accept the truth.
This was super helpful, thanks!
They are just now wooden doll of INDIA everything happening after trump president in favor of india if you check
Because Ukr started that honestly.  They killed Russian speakers. They invaded nato. The created a lot of problems toward Russia.
Imagine being C-SPAN and still not knowing how to record audio lol. Left side is much louder than right side, listen with headphones on.
This only pleased America&#39;s enemies. JD Vance and Zelensky are both to blame.JD Vance knows nothing about Ukraine but he&#39;s commenting. .Mr. Trump is great .
😁Лютая выволочка в Овальном кабинете.😆😂🤣Трамп впервые сказал кокаиновому клоуну правду в лицо: киевский режим играет с третьей мировой войной. А неблагодарная свинья получила крепкую затрещину от хозяев свинарника. Это полезно. Но мало – надо остановить военную помощь нацистской машине.
If Putin does not wish.
Raw materials
pictures of ukrainian pows before the war, and after there release.
Zelenskiy is cool!
SNL skit
Why can&#39;t Europeans deal with free speech?🇺🇸
Zelensky doesn&#39;t want a cease fire. Just wants more money being brought in and more weapons.
Trump and Vance pissed into the wind, and deserve the blow-back.
He asked for 350 bn, when in total only 119.7 bn were given by US. And the biggest part of it was given as grants by the Congress and state institutes, not as loans according BBC reports. So what right does a new president have to demand any resources from Ukraine without suing the Congress over previous agreement stipulations that he doesn&#39;t like? Trump makes USA look as a untrustworthy partner and as a mobster.
Because of USA will start the 3rd world war, as Zelensky said…Russians do not have word, they don’t care about agreements… keep in mind american people, you took the wrong decision when you voted Trump…
@@AlterEgo-13 that&#39;s not the way it read to me, he got his fragile little ego bruised that his every need and want wasn&#39;t catered to.  thats not how one behaves when asking for help, he picked the fight...
I am only halfway, and this is nothing bit sh*t show conducted by Trump leading Zelensky to failure.
NO ENOUGH CASH stranger[Ukrainian magget]😅🙂
Vance is a dumbass bro
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
There will be no peace))) handsome Zelensky.
Jd vance definitely caused that one, i just sat here and watched the whole video, everything was civil until he started spouting.
@@CristianoUwaka I watched the whole thing, and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead, he’s just complaining. He has no other options for peace but a ceasefire. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money, weapons, or equipment &amp; especially not troops for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. 🤡
@funahead6351  there is always more than what meets the eye in diplomacy. Considering the statements in last few days before the deal there must be a lot of exchange of words between vance Trump and zel. Zel could not hold back his passive aggressivenessI mean jd can not speak the problems of the country without visiting the country Also the way zelensky is being talked down is not just humiliating to him but his whole country. When your pride is stake and open statements are made indicating that zel and ukrine is literally dependant on USA (which I agree is true), u tend to justify yourself.
Vance.
When Trump stated he was for Putin, was that a statement
Holy fuck
;This is how a great American president welcomes their guest. Growing up watching Hollywood films, I admired the iconic words from Spider-Man: &#39;With great power comes great responsibility.&#39;Even from across the seven oceans, people like us—who have never been to America—believed in its legacy. We dream of our country reaching that level one day, but...😞😞😞;
Zelenskyy must stop war.
Dumbe ass way why wear suteh foolish fool are you fucking mining ne the suteh dont mame the man the man mame the suteh dick head of jesus wall in whjth rob whoukd you way to lord dick head why dont you wear sute  thats Is the level of intelect question of the dumbe ass
Breaking news :- Putin offers to mediate a peace deal between Zelensky and Trump
Comedian Zelenskky won election by social media effect. Bravo stup1d Ukrainians
@@CristianoUwaka I watched the whole thing, and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead, he’s just complaining. He has no other options for peace but a ceasefire. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money, weapons, or equipment &amp; especially not troops for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers.🤡
Loved the content, keep it coming!
QUIZ :  What country was an ally of the United States during WW ll ? What country suffered the most loss ? What country did the United States president agree to make sure they got reparations, and what happend to that president ? That president died in office (natural causes ?? )and the country talked about got no support from its ally, the United States. So what terratory was one of the reparations ? Hmmm      I bet you can figure it out, if not, look up Ukraine and take a simple look at a world map before and after that war (as stated in a different comment).
Make salo. Lol.
Ur alignment is with peace.. go ahead.. God bless u
How many times did Trump say we were going to ;TAKE; rare Earth materials from them? We won&#39;t be giving our large supplies of gas or oil, won&#39;t need to provide military security. The security will be from American companies ;DIGGING; those rare Earth minerals (on the east side of Ukraine right next to our good ol&#39; pal), not military security. We won&#39;t need it with this deal. Putin has broken other deals, but not one of Trump&#39;s. A cheater won&#39;t ever cheat again people!!!Until they get caught again....
That would take insight, empathy and understanding ~things they lack...
He tired. He listen what Russian TV says from Vance.
USAID paid actors millions to go to Ukraine to take photos with Zelensky. Is that what you wanted?
Trump-all in for a profit-or let Putin destroy Ukraine. MAGA or make Trump richer again.?
To make claims that after this deal everything will be over and that this will never happen again is ridiculous. You are dealing with Russia. They’re not going away. Putins ways are not going to just go away.
Protection for Raw Earth!!!
We&#39;ve never had so many people lose their jobs during the first 30 days of a president taking office!
China vs India is really hard conflict. Check geography.
The reason this meeting went astray is because they didn&#39;t like the negative things he said about Putin. The reporter asking a question about his clothing was ridiculous.
i nie potrafili uslyszec prawdy ze wszelkie uzgodnienia z rosja byly laane i ludzie non stop gineli i wszelkie dyplomacje skonczyly sie fiaskiem.trump rowniez bylprezydentem gdy tosie dzialo. aha zelenski powiedzial: SUKA!! i defacto powiedzial ze dostana baty od chinoli
The end is horrible. Condolence to us people. U fucked yourself. U will see
It was fucking JD Vance that knocked this off the rails. What a douche.
Zele Dilapidated  mongrelwith lack of intellectual vigourfrothing pious platitudes
Lmao. Well, it looks like the USA will be funding Russias invasion into Ukraine here soon. Hopefully, the returns will be profitable. 😂
I&#39;m surprised Zelensky did not walk. This matter was not taken seriously, Zelenskies remark about wearing a costume later spoke volumes. He was obviously trying to redirect the conversation back to solving the issue at hand while Trump used this platform to continue to blame Biden who is no longer part of anything going on once Trump took office and to tout how wonderful he ;Trump; is. It is painful to watch
and also thanks to whoever&#39;s idea it was to record this and make it public, it could be behind closed doors.
what a disaster. pitiful.
He wants to bloviate and appear relevant. Trump should have kept him in the kitchen where he belongs because he clearly doesn&#39;t have the stuff to be a real diplomat.
First of all, Trump doesn&#39;t speak to Zelenskyy at all, he doesn&#39;t even look at him. He is just giving a speach of selfpromotion. At the other side, Zelenskyy is trying to catch his eyes while Trump is speaking and when he starts to speak, he is looking at Trump, not to jurnalists.That shows something about respect and disrespect too.
@@piratesmvp Yes, he had a choice.  If Trump were decent, he would have called out his lap-dog then and there.  Zelensky had been profusely thankful to the US up to that point and Vance didn&#39;t care to notice.  Trump decided to back up Vance over Zelensky.Now, Putin has the opportunity to say Trump is not in control of his dog to correct him when clearly wrong and out of line; that Trump is not ;strong; and only protects those who yap in his favor.  Oh, golly gee.  It&#39;s just like anything could be spun in the direction one chooses.
zelenski wypowiadal sie bardzo rozsadnie, vance pierdolil od rzeczy
Let&#39;s wait to see it those agreements are signed in the lunch room. As t, stated! As t,  stated. Chai
Is Vance retarded?
Its amazing how many people haven&#39;t watched the entire meeting. Zelensky is a douche came off like a douche and remained a douche through the entire meeting. The Europeans who are so in love with him clearly do not watch things like this but get there information from edited shorts and opinionated writers.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Great job, this video was very useful!
Here is joke.JD calls 911:- I was attacked, visit me!- No need this. We read stories.
Tumbs up for zelensiky. Putin, sorry trump so stupid
@@AlterEgo-13he didn&#39;t even pretend to be on Zelensky&#39;s side, he openly put the equity sign between him and the aggressor.
@@piratesmvp Vance&#39;s reaction was totally retaliatory for Zelensky schooling him on the history and reality of the war which he clearly did not understand other than what he ;saw on TV;. Rather than be schooled on national television, Vance dug in and made himself look even worse with the aggressive finger pointing and emotional voice. Unfortunately Trump let himself get pulled into that childish exchange and lose focus on the ;deal; (whatever that was). I don&#39;t think Trump wanted to take it there, but he probably was repressing a lot of his anger during the whole meeting when Zelensky repeatedly contradicted him. Maybe not good etiquette or diplomacy to contradict someone you&#39;re trying to make a deal with numerous times on national television, but hey, facts are facts. I always thought of Zelensky as a beggar and am totally against throwing good money after bad in Ukraine (and more lives lost) but I kinda have more respect for him now after seeing him staying as composed as he did in such a hostile place.
~<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=836">13:56 - think about parents…in russia?! or Ukraine😮No, Russian kids WEREN’T RAPED and KILLED by Ukrainian soldiers! Ukraine doesn’t KIDNAP and INDOCTRINATE Russian children. But russian soldiers and putin made and still continuing to do all these terrible things with Ukrainian kids. Putin launched this  war! As well as he launched wars against Chechnya and Georgia! And he should be punished! Otherwise he will restore and repeat Chechen scenario. A “deal” when we have to forget this point isn’t about a peace. It’s about attempts to please an aggressor. Winston Churchill was on the right side of history, not the Chamberlain! And the Ukrainian President is on the right side of history as well. I really hope that the American President is going to be on a right side of history as well, as a great leader of a great nation.
I&#39;d swear Trump got aroused when he looked at those pictures of the tortured soldiers...
That’s the problem with todays world. No matter if you are saying the right thing, the way you are saying it will make all the difference.Everyone knows Zelensky made a huge mistake by taking headon by assuming west support by his side.Eventually the end result is people are dying, and we all who are debating here… doesn’t have any idea how it is actually at the battlefield. No one wants war. If you are a small country u need to be self aware about ur capabilities and have to be diplomatic how you main relationship with other countries.Just like India and China shares border, but India never challenged china for anything.No matter how much we mock these leaders, they have huge responsibilities on their shoulder.Trump is right when he says u are gambling, yes zelensky is gambling and he doesn’t have anything in his favour. You can’t keep using other countries money (tax payers money) to fund your ego.
załenski wygląda jak ja kiedy najebany wróciłem z imprezy i spowiadam się staremu
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Thank you. I know of 182.8 bn US Defense reporting on spending on new weaponry development and salaries of its own employees to replace old and much cheaper junk given to NATO countries that supported Ukraine with military. BBC reported it today.Where is the rest?
I thought trump was going to make this end the first day! Dumpster is a con and he will be prosecuted! This is extortion!!
Min 43 i would stand up and leave
;raw earth;.  SHAME
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I guess trump has no idea that folk that are at war tend not to wear suits 😅
And what have you been doing to russian captured soldiers in ukraine feeding them croissants and red wine right
Because Saudi king wear king dress
No. Vance did.
Good News : zelenzky will give freedom to poor European .
A European understands what it means to live under and fight Russian occupancy. A European child knows that Russia only understands power and that you need to force Putin, otherwise russian promises are worth nothing. Just you spoiled brat in your America don&#39;t understand.
Zelensky (<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2498">41:38): (paraphrase) ;In 2019, Macron, Merkel and I signed a ceasefire with Putin.  Everyone told me he would never violate it.  But he did.  Then, we signed a prisoner-exchange agreement, but he backed out.;(direct) ;What kind of diplomacy [will Putin be held to], JD, are you speaking about?Vance (<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2535">42:15): (direct) ;The kind of diplomacy that&#39;s going to end the destruction of your country!;Vance <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2549">42:29: Overtly claims Zelensky is conscripting people (note: in US jargon, a ;Draft; is conscription... and wouldn&#39;t Congress approve a Draft if the US were directly invaded and occupied?)Zelensky: ;Have you been to Ukraine?;Vance: ;I have watched and seen the stories!; Then accuses Zelensky for attacking the President in Oval OfficeArgument ensues, primarily consisting of Trump (paraphrase): ;You are in NO POSITION;... (ie: I know the power I hold and I am unafraid to abuse it in order to exploit you) and (direct) ;What you&#39;re doing is very direspectful!;The kicker at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2655">44:15, Vance: ;Have you said ;thank you; once?!;Fack-check, Mr. Vance: Per the transcript to that point, very literally, the first words out of Zelensky&#39;s mouth were ;thank you; @ just after <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=180">3:00Pres. Zelensky, up to the point of your derisive question, had said ;thank you; (again per ctrl+f in the transcript) 7 times.  At these timestamps:<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=186">3:06 (x2)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=456">7:36<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=471">7:51<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1153">19:13 (x2)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1158">19:18Vance then proceeds to attack Zelensky for daring to show support for Trump&#39;s opposing candidate.Zelensky then tries to speak and Trump says ;You&#39;ve done a lot of talking!; (Note: of the 2 people on camera, Zelensky has suffered having far... FAR less talk time and has suffered -- by far -- the most talk-time interruptions.  He has <b>NOT</b> been allowed to speak hardly any amount up to this point and it is clear and obvious he won&#39;t be through the end).Zelensky (fighting for talk time, thus paraphrase): We [the Ukrainians] have been brave.  We have been strong.Trump: (paraphrase) ;If not for the US, you would have lost in 2 weeks!; [note: sooo.... Biden wasn&#39;t all that incompetent then?]Zelensky (direct): ;I heard it from Putin: ;in 3 days;;Trump (direct): ;Maybe less!;Zelensky (direct): ;Of course.  &#39;Less&#39;;...Vance: (direct) ;If you had said, &#39;thank you&#39;....;Zelensky: (direct) ;I said, &#39;thank you&#39;!; [note: heeee&#39;s riiiiight]Vance: ignores correction<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2830">47:10 Reporter: (direct) ;What if Russia breaks cease-fire?;Trump: ;What if anything?!;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2925">48:45 Trump: (direct) ;I&#39;ve empowered you to be a tough guy!; [note: ................]<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2948">49:08 Trump: (direct) ;You&#39;re not acting at all thankful!; [note: see previous fact-check]
Z man was not respected in this whole interview. No one was taking his opinions seriously and he kept a very well demeanor. It’s sad how most good topics he brought up, other interviewers wouldn’t let him finish his answer and a lot of other reporters kept talking over him. It’s a shame what we’ve come to as people to solve agreements, that we gotta belittle other people for not wearing a suit. Come on man.
You have a chance of winning against Russia for good while the war is not even in your country and you are not using it. Russia will occupy in the future
At what condition is the cease fire?Inly fair Ukraine get back he was rob.I think the vp is rude.
And Most of US people are also. They legally voted him
MAGA forgot USA is no longer the only superpower in this world, we will pivot to China to teach USA a lesson of egoistic.
This is disgusting. Trump and Putin will be taking what they can get. JD Vance can stick his “say thank you” in his ear. Zelensky can’t speak because of these three incredibly low human men. God bless you President Zelensky. I am sorry we don’t have more intelligent, empathetic leaders in the Oval Office. Putin is not someone to be diplomatic with because he will take what he wants.
If u watch it complete. U realize how stupid he is😂😂
Zel- sounds terrible, not professional. He use not diplomatic language. Like person from street. But he consider as president himself. So be more strong. Why he smiling while Tramp saying how he stop the other conflict
Коп соз бок соз
Dump USD reserves, buy CNY.It&#39;s time the world show some colour to arrogance MAGA Dark State. 😏
Here is joke. JD calls 911:- I was attacked, visit place.- No reason to do. We read stories.
Trump received him with respect and started talks with good words but trump was talking with a cheap joker who pushed his county to war and want to continue it,
Zelemskyy is a jew. Do you think it is easy to debate with jews.
Wow, watch the full meeting and it helps you get a good perspective of the situation.  Thank you for posting the full meeting.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
So a simple thank you is gratitude enough for Weapons and $350 billion of our hard earned money, then turning around acting like this and calling our VP a bitch. Do you realize how stupid you sound?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2567">42:47  zelensky say sucka
Zalensky made Trump looked like a fool😅😂😂
This is why the world should abandon USA under Right Wing Dark state, and no longer recognise USD status as global currency.The world will pivot to China, bye MAGA Dark state swamp. Dump USD reserves, buy CNY.
Y’all are here talking about a suit, but the president. Trump is a Freemason. Just look at his hand formation, and you’ll know a lot more than you need to.
“We give them credit” is so backward
I cant belive USA selected this fool twice..how stupid are you? USA: yes
So?
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
JD needs to STFU.  Dude you just got in office.  President Zelensky has been President longer than you have been in politics.  Like Zelensky said, ;Have you ever been, why don&#39;t come once!;... JD said, ;I&#39;ve see pictures;... Dude STFU.  And disrespecting other US presidents was also disrespectful. And the truth is that this big boy attitude is only towards a country struggling with war.  That would not pop this crap to China or North Korea. Trump would be scrambling to make the deal.
Zelensky is a con man whos taken the US for more than 150 billion. Dude got put in his place. You&#39;re in a war you cannot win without military aid from us negotiations for peace will happen and throwing away money and lives will end.
JD: ;I know about situation in Ukraine because read stories;. It was rude. Imagine you hear this from police as reason to not visit place and gather evidences.
Que háblen el castellano que están enrredádo. ...
Trump is Putin&#39;s puppet
To whom this may concern, I Janice Marie is fighting for freedom and I am asking for help
Zelensky please bring a pencil next time. A very sharp pencil.
At this point, Zelensky has better chance for peace by befriended with China. Trump is Putin&#39;s side chick. 😂Ask China to be negotiator with Russia.
JD VANCE created that argument! I don&#39;t think I like him at all.
I blame vance for the outburst between the two presidents
We all ukrainians are very thankful to USA for help, I agreed that Europe didn&#39;t help much, only Poland did help, but putin is very cunning person we need guarantees to protect our country.  😢
This video makes it very obvious how Trump and Vance treat anyone who doesn&#39;t agree with them.  They try to shut them down by shouting over-top of anyone.  They don&#39;t even have the common respect to let Zelensky answer the questions.  I&#39;m so glad that I&#39;m NOT American!  Trump and Vance are just bullies!
Towards the end of the meeting President Trumps face looked like he was about to have a stroke.  Vance ignited this whole mess with his comments about. Zelensky being ungrateful.
F this guy, $350 billion and this POS acts like this. F him and the fact that our hard earned money goes to this kind of bullshit! Calls our VP a Bitch and then acts like we owe him something. I&#39;m tired of being taken advantage of.
Was your home part or a western intel coup where you took your home from another person? And now your home is  now being used as a launchpad to attach the invader&#39;s property? Look up the recent history that happened in 2014 to see where this thing started...look to 30 years ago where the US said it would not go east of Berlin and lied to Russia about it since then. Wake up.
@@cimbakahn Yeah I meant at the top where you said ;they just truly wanted to help Ukraine;. I&#39;m sure they do <i>want</i> to, but they couldn&#39;t justify this level of aid without that domestic or future security consideration
Being thankful is not asking asking asking, and then a simple thank you. They have valuable assets, pay back the American tax payers, or else. I like that message ! Otherwise the taxpayers money is just gone, with nothing in return. That is taxation without representation, which actually is what already happened, and this is a way to make it right. The big deal here with the ;thanks; is making this right with all of us taxpayers here in the US.... or else... stop the wasted money. We gain nothing from this otherwise. The only thing it will do if the United States keeps going is weakening this Nation.
Being thankful is not asking asking asking, and then a simple thank you. They have valuable assets, pay back the American tax payers, or else. I like that message ! Otherwise the taxpayers money is just gone, with nothing in return. That is taxation without representation, which actually is what already happened, and this is a way to make it right. The big deal here with the ;thanks; is making this right with all of us taxpayers here in the US.... or else... stop the wasted money. We gain nothing from this otherwise. The only thing it will do if the United States keeps going is weakening this Nation.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
How can Trump talk without even swallowing his Saliva?😂🤔
Ts pmo💔
I think that America was founded on Christian values and on Jesus Christ and when we give HIM honor in our nation and give HIM the glory He will take care of our country. I think other countries who wish to be free should place their faith and trust in Jesus Christ - He would defend their countries too. Its actually very simple to end all wars in the world is if the leader would trust God and ask their people to trust God then their nation will be blessed. PSALM 33:12 Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance. (THIS IS SPEAKING ABOUT ISRAEL, BUT IT CAN PERTAIN TO ANY NATION WHO GIVES HIM HONOR) It&#39;s simple - the hard part is to place a leader in office for a country who trusts in HIM and HIM alone for God to bless them.
Zelensky said it this is not an American and Russian war this is the Ukraine and Russian war they don&#39;t need nothing from us everybody&#39;s saying Trump and Putin are buddies if that was true Trump wouldn&#39;t do anything and let Putin Crush Ukraine and then Putin just give him the minerals he wants I don&#39;t know why I&#39;m arguing with a parrot though
What is up with trumps body language
Trump is an idiot! We are with Zelensky!!! Trump is a dumb douchebag!!!!!!
Zelenski what a stupid guy,oh my god,he send Ukrainians to death and now his comfortable in this deal?What a monkey
Completely agree. SSR provided lands and opportunity to be a separate country. Only one point asked: be friend.   No, Ukraine has so bad memory. They decided to hate Russia id good idea. Ok, Russia after that returned back lands.  After that US supported Ukr in the war. But Ukraine asks so much, each day they need more and more and already blamed USA supporting not enough. What’s wrong  with your memory Ukraine?
Great job, this video was very useful!
Que hablen el castellano ,que están entregados. ...
USA Shore
the US has officially become Russia&#39;s new ally and  Europe&#39;s enemy
How did Elensky get these Russian before and after photographs? Maybe it is not Ukrainians he is showing... ?!?
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Where’s musk?
@ no I don’t have a president like trump. I have a stupid government called kier starmer
Imagine someone invaded your home and your ;friends; are telling you to negotiate with them in order to have peace. Also note you might have to offer the invader a room in your house as part of the deal
Whats  the vice-president talking about zalinskey out of line?   President Trump arranged the meeting with the news media there so the whole world could here whats going on with the conflict. Zalinskey said what he had to say regarding Pugins history with the conflict.  He never lives up to the agreements.
JD&#39;s words about stories call facepalm.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2449">40:49 Idk in 2014, Zelensky was an actor?Trump was a businessman?Only Putin was a President?what kind of deplomacy was Zelensky talking about relating in 2014 to solve this problem?
This was super helpful, thanks!
I am thankful the Lord has placed Trump/Vance r in these leadership positions..
Vladimír zelensky je evidentne pod vplyvom drogy  pozrite na jeho mimiku
So, you are proud to have a presidend like this?! Omg! 😥
that reporter is MAGA oneAnti-Woke Karen 😂But they love to accuse others being snowflakes while they offended by everything in life, especially what a man wear or not wearing.
Trump please kick Zelenskyy out of America
Trump is a moron, I hope people Understand it is the business community he let down. Not giving them an inside track on investments in Ukraine. Because the allies of Ukraine as soon as they are done playing around, and just thiniing the horde of Russia. Is going due to rip the fucking bandage of of naked horsie Putin’s misadventures and going to be the talk of the world stage. David and his stones in the weapons placed to Ukraine’s hands is going to fall a Goliath that has menaced histories its neighbors and its very people in its terror and archaic way of government pre enlightenment. Its well time to rip the bandage off and rewrite the world in a defeat for its people rather then its power, and from there who knows what momentum their is to gain, in the ongoing march for a more inclusive power.
Я русская. Русские и украинцы родственники. Президент Трамп прав. Этого не должно было произойти. Зеленский не хочет мира, не хочет прекращения огня. Спросите его почему. Россия хочет мира, президент Путин хочет мира. Украинская пропаганда демонизирует русских. Мы не враги и не хотим воевать. Не трогайте нас, разберитесь в причинах. Я психолог по образованию. Президент Трамп объективен. Зеленский не дипломат, не политик. Он руководствуется личными интересами - победить Путина. Но Путин это Россия, а Россию не победить. Надо остановить кровопролитие.
It was Zelenskyy that changed it with his attack on the VP. When he mentioned him by name ;what diplomacy are you talking about JD?; Meanwhile the VP always addressed him as ;Mr President;. Zelenskyy is a bufoon. He is not a statesman. And his deficiencies have been revealed in front of the public here.
;Why don&#39;t you wear a suit, disrespectful;Anti-Woke ppl are the snowflake Karen that trigger by tiny stuff 🤡
That means Putin does not care about Trump&#39;s meetings, solutions.
Raw Earth? Trump doesn&#39;t know what he&#39;s saying. I&#39;ve head him say ;Rare Earth; too. Normally ;rare earths; are plural because you got your Cerium, your Gadolinium, your Erbium, and who could forget Neodymion &#39;cuz its so hard to pronounce and so useful in magnets.
You are a retard
Why aren&#39;t you wearing a suit?Lmao, what kind of dumb ass question is that. I think there are much bigger things to worry about than wearing a suit, my guy.
“Raw earth” 😂
Zelensky mean that at this moment rockets use against Ukraine. If this meating had an influence attack was paused.
Zelensky would have said: You are expelling me from White House but soon you will be discarded from all the World thanks to conducting such a policy
Just a second😂
Ask Gemini such stupid questions. Don&#39;t embarrass yourself in public.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
There sure are a lot of Russian bots, trolls, and shills in this video&#39;s comments.
WTF he think he is to talk to President of USA like that. Crazy guy
😂Time stamp <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1456">24:16 When the War of words really started about 2016 backtracking if Trump was President it would have never happened...but it did tho😂
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
🇺🇦頑張れってください。バンスはイーロンに 嫉妬してます😄🌸             TOYOTA nagoya city 🇯🇵 Japan MlRAl ii ne🌸🍙🍘
When you see the full picture it is clear that Trump is trying for peace while zelensky is angry but he needs to show respect to people who helped him and now trying to bring peace.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Maybe the reason of misunderstood was a mentality difference, that UA has very strong and direct thinking and that was not a first language of President of UA - maybe his words were not properly interpreted during the visit to the White House. It should be a professional translator between them. The problem was that Zelensky told that Putin broke cease-fire in 2019 while Trump was a president and he was doing nothing with it and it angered and escalated the conflict with Trump and Vance - that was a language barrier misunderstanding. Nevertheless, president of US should not talk like that to this to other president and his guest.
Zelenskyy didn&#39;t attack Vance! It was the other way around! He just responded to Vances diplomacy bullshit because he has sayed multiple times that Putin can&#39;t be trusted. His word,  signature is worthless!How would you react in his shoes?! ;Oh, thank you, gracefully, your kindness, i would have never thought of signing a wothless peace of paper! That means so much to me! I will allways be in your debt!;
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Outstanding!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This was super helpful, thanks!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1740">29:00 Trump should listen to his wife to learn more about Russia, the USSR, and geopolitics in that part of the world.
@@speedstyle. Ok.  Fine.  I did say; ;If Putin succeeds in conquering Ukraine he will not stop there.  He will go into the Baltic and Poland.;  He may also invade other European countries as well.
Mr Zelensky the world is still watching this meeting was a just a farce praying for you and your country. Good luck America the world is praying for you and your choice of leadership. God bless
America go to hell
Very well done, appreciate this video!
The criminals wear the suits. That and solidarity with the victims of his people in Ukraine are reason enough not to wear a suit until the war is over.Clothes don&#39;t make the man and don&#39;t make a bad character better, Trump and Putin have confirmed that for decades.Vance, like Trump, is ruthless and knows neither humanity nor compassion nor fairness. You should ask Trump and Vance whether they would give a burglar who killed their family the house in which they lived until they were murdered by the criminals.Vance, like Trump, is ruthless and knows neither humanity nor compassion nor fairness. You should ask Trump and Vance whether they would give a burglar who killed their family the house in which they lived until they were murdered by the criminals.Die Verbrecher tragen die Anzüge. Das und die Solidarität mit den Opfern seines Volkes in der Ukraine sind Grund genug, keinen Anzug zu tragen bis der Krieg beendet ist.Kleider machen eben keine Leute und machen einen schlechten Charakter nicht besser, das bestätigen Trump und Putin seit Jahrzehnten.Vance ist <del>wie Trump</del> skrupellos und kennt weder Menschlichkeit noch Mitgefühl oder Fairness. Man sollte mal Trump und Vance fragen, ob Sie einem Einbrecher, der deren Familie tötet, noch das Haus schenken würden, in dem sie gelebt haben bis zur Ermordung durch die Verbrecher.
Vance absolutely sabotaged that conversation completely.
Maybe about 1% of people really understand what the argument was about. (Hint: it was this <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1514">25:14)
@@UniMindPerson at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2430">40:30 he takes an adversarial approach and then everything erupts  from there
I, a Ukrainian living near the war frontlines, give Volodymyr Zelenskyi such position. And I trust him enough not to sell our land to a bunch of screaming greedy and entitled monkeys.Oh and believe me, I will tell my grandkids how weak and ridiculous American establishment was during the biggest war in 21st century. Whether I forbid them using any American products is up to next years&#39; events.
;America gave more than europe;... gave what? Headaches?! All Europe supported Ukraine and allowed them trade with EEU just by skipping the imposed standars, no matter if we talk about cereals, food or anything else...wtf Trump?!
Can you possibly ignore this maniac!!! Stand strong Zelensky
God told us do not believe in foreign wars or rumors of foreign wars as my time is not near yet!
Watched the whole thing. JD Vance destroyed what could have been.
trump does not care about ukraine..  f this dictator trump.
It&#39;s not LETS MAKE A DEAL. WE&#39;RE NOT GOING TO ALLOW YOU TO DESTROY OUR COUNTRY. MOVE ALONG 4TH GRADER
I am ashamed to be an American. I was always taught, your word is who you are. If you make promises, you keep them. We made SECURITY GUARANTEES in the 90’s with Ukraine in exchange for them eliminating their nuclear program. WE PROMISED TO PROTECT THEM FROM RUSSIA. Now we have this fucking clown trying to make them buy our protection with rare minerals while he strokes himself off…
The truth is that trump cant stop putin so he prefer to join him ,Putin is on evil side of the map
Far as I&#39;m concerned I&#39;m tired of America being the world&#39;s piggy bank
ZELENSKYY said thank you a number of times in oval room trump and vance must be deaf . It was a ambush against ZELENSKYY thats the truth american people
I like and support trump because two wars stopped after he took over.. peace  should prevail at every cost
;It was supposed to be a quick thing;. For who? For Russia! Trump is already telegraphing he&#39;s on Putin&#39;s side, 45 minutes before the breakdown.
Bravo vlad you are champion ill bless evrything you do you have faver whjth me the other pigs are only backon
Why the heck did he keep saying ;raw earth;. It&#39;s RARE earth Drumf.
Vance, like Trump, is ruthless and knows neither humanity nor compassion nor fairness. You should ask Trump and Vance whether they would give a burglar who killed their family the house in which they lived until they were murdered by the criminals.
It was shocking to see two most powerful world leaders being unable to find common ground in life or death situation for Ukrainian people.I understand the feelings of Volodymyr Zelensky, who&#39;s commoners are perishing in the ground and who is forced to depend on major powers to prevent his home being destroyed.I also get <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23potus">#POTUS who is trying his best to solve by far the most important and difficult question and who also has only one chance to succeed with his World Peace Plan.I also see how vice president JD Vance could have misunderstood Ukrainian president who has clearly been under the significant pressure of being a guest in the foreign house who is forced to ask for help.I only hope to see mister Zelensky wear his costume again ✊
I have lived long enough to think and evaluate for myself. If C-Span hadn&#39;t shown the whole meeting, we wouldn&#39;t know who actually derailed the meeting.
Хуясе, ботов
Putin dos not respect  for no body or enything..we all knowing that...
Why did JD vance feel compelled to respond to the question that wasn&#39;t directed to him
God bless our planet 😂
JD said that knows much about Ukraine because reads stories in Instagram. It&#39;s awkward. This is so stupid words were... Gen Z.
But Trump here sayes it is a stupid question and later, he sayes he is in the middle between Ukraine and Russia
Why can’t we get subtitles? I can’t understand quite a bit of Zelensky to even understand what happened
U.S. = Ultimate Shit
Bruh this VP can stuff it
There&#39;s obviously only one intelligent person at the table
Clearly you haven’t had home training
I see JD Vance just got schooled and got very Irate from being corrected. 😢😢😢😢😢 We will be China and Putin slaves soon enough
JD Vance just had to open his mouth🙄
Zelensky is in no position to negotiate. Also pushing propaganda for his own agenda. Come on. And now trump just wants to end war so he can say he did it.
Vance is SO rude!! He needs to just shut his mouth. Then Trump starts on him. Two BULLIES attacking a guy who has been fighting a war for over two years, &amp; is trying to save his country &amp; his people. I’m SO disgusted this was done on the world stage! I’ve just gone right off Trump &amp; Vance - they’re disgusting! The way they’re treating Zelensky is vile &amp; appalling. WHY did they do this with the media there? It should have been behind closed doors. What an utter joke &amp; sh*t show! 😡
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2415">40:15 Ukrainian President shuts down JD Vance with ;WHAT KIND OF DIPLOMACY YOU&#39;RE TALKING ABOUT; after J.D. Vance touted trying diplomacy. Zelensky reminded Vance, Trump&#39;s administration was also active during the invasion of Russia on Ukraine. Zelensky continued NOTHING WAS DONE FROM 2014 UNTIL 2022. Suddenly, Vance wanted to change the topic. Take Trump&#39;s Ding-Dong out of your mouth and keep it shut.You&#39;ll never be president, buddy!But before that was a dumbass suit question from a meth-head reporter with press clearance. USA, USA, USA! 🤦🏼‍♂️
The Ultimate beggar that goes around begging for money
I know… imagine if god was here, oh wait, he isn’t and never will be
Is it maturity to allow yourself too much?🤔
Does JD Vance not understand that there are military drafts of civilians to become soldiers during times of war? That is not a new thing. Of course, Ukraine might have to do that. Especially after being invaded and after many years of war.
While Trump and his admins afraid Russia they can&#39;t help, they can&#39;t help even US.
This press conference is beyond proof that Trump is not qualified nor capable of handling extreme situations that call for a professional to handle. He should be giving financial advice and trying harder to come up with a serious solution instead of constantly repeating himself. He&#39;s just upset that Zelenskyy knows better how to handle the situation so Trump belittles Zelenskyy due to it embarrassing Trump and in order to get Ukraine the help it needs Zelenskyy is supposed to just sit and take it. No, Trump did not help at all nor is he qualified to be a President without a team backing him up.
@ I watched the whole thing and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
The amount of Democrat Bots in the comment section is astonishing. 😂
Before you comment ignorantly, you need to understand what led up to this war. Take a good look at a world map before WW ll . To comment without understanding all that has gone into this from that point FOREWARD is like reading a book starting and ending in the last  few pages of the last chapter. Ukraine got themselves into this mess, there is no two ways about that. I personally do not agree with our US tax dollars being spent for Ukraine.... seems that would be taxation without representation. How is this bennifiting the US taxpayer, and dont tell me we need Ukraine to survive as a nation, it is only weakening this country monetarily, and we should be spending that money (tax payer) on other important things here and not depleting our weapons stockpile.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1839">30:39 trump will stop 🛑 it 😅It’s negotiations, ukrain want to get control of AIR space ! This means any plane that Russia 🇷🇺 flies over that air space can be shot down but that will weaken the Russian army due to demographic. ( USA has the sea 🌊 between then but Europe , ukrain , Russia 🇷🇺 have no sea 🌊 as big and the air space is part of NATO so forget any of that subject ) Only broken agreements come when ukrain secretly keeps demanding to join NATO that is the reason for Russia 🇷🇺 attack and warned the world 🌎 so trump will figure it out ! Ukraine will never 👎 join NATO and Ukraine used propoganda to claim that Russia 🇷🇺 breaks agreements since 2014 but facts are if ukrain joins NATO the milliitary of Russia 🇷🇺 will be weakened due to the Fact of AIR DEFENSE ! This will only come with Ukraine joining NATO! So on that matter Russia 🇷🇺 will never 👎 never accept this because then they will be vulnerable and at risk of being attacked ! So that’s why Russia broke their agreement because Ukraine talking to NATO is always their excuse ( mr zelensky you are also a terrorist and a killer so now usa 🇺🇸 will be your nato defense by the deal on your land for minerals and the USA military will protect you at the same time after you make that deal TRUMP and Putin will also make the clear economic and fair advantage for peace ☮️) remove the word terrorist that is apart ! Iran is terrorist ! Hesbola is terrorist ! This matter is just about RAW earth 🌍 deals and the fact is TRuMP can negotiate but wants something for usa 🇺🇸 in return along with ✌️ peace ! Biden and Obama failed to protect their tax payer cash and maybe even BUSH both father and son since early 1990See my silvano Giuseppe di pardo Facebook But I know you use me as your job task but I will use your platform to defend myself on court so get ready for after may 13 we don’t need any jUDGe for that I am so maybe Quebec should invest in ARMY not use MOBSTER manipulate Thank you did you enjoy your vacation paid by your JOB !I will use my fathers land for my job Vision tunnel is not to be used as propaganda against me I love you
Doesn’t matter because everything in Christianity, the stories and the religion, are all stolen from religions and epics way before Christianity was a thing
The administration invites Zelensky to the White House, meeting was productive and went well enough until JD derailed it with his pouting about not being thanked during the meeting. He should have just kept his mouth SHUT
Both Vance and Trump showed incredible loyalty for their presidents!
Minutes of the meeting :🔵Trump wants to be the middleman and do the negotiations🔵Zelenskyy says Putin cannot be trusted as he has proved repeatedly (25 times) that he breaks the ceasefire deals. Hence Zelenskyy needs security guarantee. He is also ready to give access to America for the rare earth mineral mining in exchange.🔵 Trump, being the narcissist that he is, does not want to accept that his strategy of doing negotiations may not work and that security guarantee may be a must.🔵 Trump thinks Zelenskyy is ungrateful for the help he has been offered and repeatedly expresses it via his team. He openly bullies the Ukrainian president for the same.
Why does Ukraine exist in the first place?
Z wants guarantees because Putin hasn’t kept his agreements. What Z isn’t realizing is that if Trump and Putin have an alliance, Putin May actually - potentially- keep his cease fire…. It seems like Putin does actually respect Trump… fingers crossed that their egos soothe each other enough to keep us out of WW3. Jesus Christ is the only peacemaker who will bring peace to all of this. Praying for his presence between all politicians
Ukraine should THANK the US. They should THANK them by letting them take $500bn of rare earth metals.The US should go after the Zionists for recompense. They&#39;re the ones who started this whole thing. And, they&#39;re the ones who have all their gold.
what are you talking about
This people is crazy !!
24573rd!
What an interesting theory.  Do you have proof of this?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1735">28:55 FORGET nato ! Ukraine ! Just forget that !
I’m not sure I agree. He was disagreeing openly, making hand gestures. I’m not a fan of the current administration but I don’t think this was as one sided as people are thinking it is.
America always defined manipulation and Evil through years and history .. one day America has to face consequences
Trump asked for access to rare Earth minerals in return. I don&#39;t think that&#39;s unreasonable given all of the billions of dollars and military equipment we&#39;ve given them already. Zelensky wants to take and give nothing in return and tries to grab more attempting to use that as leverage. It&#39;s selfish and unappreciative. He is ultimately biting the hand which feeds him.
🤮🤮
Not sure what Vance was doing there or even why the press was allowed to persecute man rape like that on the prime minister of another nation. Sure we all have ideas on trump ;hair; and Vance lack of intelligence butt they seemed to have gone in to rape President Zelensky for no reason.Not sure why the ;reporter; was allowed to attend so close for filming butt the blue suit reminded me of the guy that starred in ;the mask; and Vance was the mindless dog that ended up with the mask.Trump needs to figure who is friend and who just sees a clown running  for the anals of history.
If you care about suit. Ask Roosevelt about suit in 1943-44.
JD took this to another level. Zelenskyy has the right to be concerned and want a guarantee but Trump thinks his word should be enough. Too much macho behaviour and egos. Next time you meet leave JD out the room as Trump was doing ok until bully boy came in.
When you come with a deal to give us 1 dollar, but ask for 10 dollars and call our rigthful president a dictator, you should expect a wakeup slap. Be grateful that we don&#39;t take you to the court and show how much clowning is your deals and words.
I didn&#39;t expect Vance to play dirty. He should have kept it simple and not that proud. He was feeling entitled.
Heard so much about this meeting. Thank you for posting.
Talk about an ambush. Look out Zelenskyy,  Vance is attacking on your left flank..
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1440">24:00 this is why Vice President used his THANK YOU sarcastic message to response of ukrain using double standard to try to bully American 🇺🇸 media with propaganda to get best deal for Ukraine 🇺🇦 but this is not Biden fool negotiate rather USA 🇺🇸 will use this to get best interests for USA 🇺🇸 before they give money 💰 to help Europe , Ukraine 🇺🇦 land mineral deal !
Who the fck ask for suit ? Very inappropriate and unprofessional
The man asking the question about the suit is MTG&#39;s lowlife boyfriend. He&#39;s not a journalist. This should tell you something about what type of people Trump allows in the Oval Office. I believe a Russian media outlet was let in as well. Meanwhile he kicks out the AP. SMH
Zelensky is placed in very disrespectful situation situation
Honestly, I’m not a fan of the current administration but Zelensky really escalated this by challenging the VP in front of the media about the efficacy of diplomacy. Zelensky clearly was unhappy with the situation from the beginning which is understandable as the USA is making this sound like it’s a two sides situation when it is an occupation.
May be this Vance provoke to many President who invited by Trump 😔 since we can’t see the all meetings.
Maybe you should take a look at these time stamps.opening statments<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=148">2:28 Trump: The US will be in Ukraine (not military) joint 50/50 partnership with the mining.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=205">3:25 Zelensky: Wants to discuss it further, security guarantees, europe is ready to continue fighting is the US, stop Putin &amp; no compromises with Putin about our territories he captured.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=567">9:27 Trump: We need to make the cease fire deal first.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=663">11:03 (his rebuttal) Zelensky: Europe gave just as much if not more than the US (fuzzy math: collective maybe but not individual) and then both laugh it off.    As of feb 2025 US $119-175B EU $138-145B (27 member states) UNGRATEFUL bastard, to the presidents face in front of our media in the Oval office! <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=794">13:14 Trump: Accomplished a lot with the cease fire deal &amp; let&#39;s get the war stopped, back to normalization, good talks on both sides,<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=831">13:51 Zelensky: Interrupts Trump, with ;They came to our territory;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=859">14:19 Trump: Yes we will be continuing sending aid to Ukraine.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=891">14:51 Zelensky: US will continue... BUT Russia came to our territory, and they need to leave (that&#39;s not a cease fire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=972">16:12 Trump: You&#39;ll always need compromises to a deal, i&#39;m just trying to get a ceasefire, stop the war, i&#39;m a mediator.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1035">17:15 hands over to Zelensky: He wants to but doesn&#39;t respond and puts up his hands shakes his head.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1094">18:14 Press: an absolute STUPID question about Zelensky not wearing a suit (antagonistic)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1166">19:26 Trump: yes we&#39;ll be sending arms hopefullly not to much with a peace deal (<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1181">19:41 &amp; <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1276">21:16 Zelensky had some body language that didn&#39;t like that statement) ceasefire first then security<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1379">22:59 Trump: says your I like your clothing, it&#39;s fine. Zelensky: ceasefire will never work<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1433">23:53 Trump: He never broke ceasefire with me. Zelensky: he DID break it with you, you were the president, then backs up and says NOT with you<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1458">24:18 Zelensky: We will never accept ceasefire without security guarantees, this document is not enough, a strong army IS enough (just wants to keep fighting)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1731">28:51 Trump: We&#39;re committed to NATO, NATO needs to contribute the same percentage EQUAL<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2065">34:25 Trump: I make deals &amp; this is a dangerous mess, we are going to get it solved (starting with a ceasefire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2395">39:55 Vance: We need demplomancy, the threats have not worked for the last 4 years<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2431">40:31 Zelensky: Trump did nothing to get Crimea back, what kind of diplomacy JD are you speaking about.to the end... the clips that everyone is commenting on, out of the context of Zelensky being antagonistic the entire entire presser and not wanting a ceasefire (the first step to everything!)
Zelensky was instructed by British gov.and MI-6 not to sign this agreement, because Britain has already signed a secret agreement with Ukraine about their minerals, factories, Odessa city. And EU + American democrats wanted to screw this meeting, to create Anti-Trump coalition. Zelensky just did what they told.
Dumbe ass yanko you speak from you ass thats why it all shit combing out foool speak to hom respect in world have punch you in moutu rat
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1420">23:40, <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1925">32:05
Trump didn&#39;t have a choice but to go along with Vance after he had that reaction to Zelensky. If he had not done so, Putin would be saying that the US administration is divided, weak, and therefore incapable of arbitrating peace negotiations between the two countries. That would be just the excuse he needs to continue the war. At least now, there is still opportunity to reset discussions with Ukraine.
I would be so nervous and scared being surrounded by all those retardicans...😬😬😬
Tell this to Theodor at 1943.
Feel pity for Ze, so helpless, he was hoping a fren in America but ends up dealing with a businessman.
Elensky lied like 25 times in less than one hour, that&#39;s all you need to know
@@AJY-ee7yk Free sh*t?? You guys NEVER give anything away for free! I’m Brit born, &amp; the UK only finished paying off our WWII debt to the USA on 29th December 2006!!! Let that sink in.
Peace <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1295">21:35 love the first question but second was dumb and trump president liked zelensky answer and loved his clothing that’s who trump is ! Not disrespectful by a reporter he love the first question <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1384">23:04 this is the politic fake mindset of reporters who laugh like hypocrite
Starting @<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1820">30:20 (just after)Listen to Trump (;I&#39;ve stopped wars.  I&#39;ve stopped many wars!; and on... and on... and on... about all of the wars), but watch at Zelensky.  He can&#39;t help himself; just like the rest of us sensible people.  Donnie is rambling about all his fake accomplishments and Zelensky is making eye contact with someone off-camera and facially gesturing to them ;uh-huh.  Right... OK boomer... wow...;  for about 40 seconds.Then, he collects himself to make a powerful statement about (and this is basic information) how Ukraine is the first line to defend Europe against Putin&#39;s desire to rebuild the USSR and retake all former Soviet territories.
Would the reporter ask the saudi king why hes not wearing a suit ????
Of course you are going to hate someone that is destroying your country !!
russian bot detected
Does nobody remember all the video game footage they used to convince us of that war? Does anyone remember the hospital they said was bombed and come to find out it was in an abandoned village?  What about the nurse they filmed at that hospital then used her again in more false footage later to see her holding a sign behind news lady saying sorry I took part in the kremlin propaganda. !  Does anyone remember the news broadcast live filming all the dead bodies from the war and the wind came up and blew a body bag off one guy and he woke from the dead to put the bag back over his head? Why is Trump going along with the BS we all know is there?
Putin is the one that needs to stop the war not Ukraine!! Wtf !!
Hard to say who I dislike more after this effort. The moronic media vultures cackling between quips; or JD Vance unmasking himself as a complete dope.
dumb &amp; dumber 🤣
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1190">19:50 ;This should have never started;.... bruh the war was going on during trumps presidency lmao. So sad how Zelensky was treated, I hope he knows a lot of Americans stand with Ukraine!
Makes me mad the USA sent so much money over there to a county who sends this goofy to speak for them. Dude is a troll rolling his eyebrows like a distrustful Pompas guy.
Zelenskyys body language is so disrespectful when asking for help
Peace talks doesn&#39;t mean not taking any responsibility for crimes done against humanity.
I don&#39;t understand this ;come visit Ukraine; it is just detrimental to the negotiation process. We have all the intel we need on this war to analyze a peace agreement, setting feet on the ground is just symbolism.
Puttin watching this interview and Smile😂😂😂
Damn Deep state is really funding a lot of anti trump bots here
This all esclated because Zelenskyy made what sounds like a threat.... not the best way to get our help, sir. Trump was quiet and quite nice until that moment.
I hope Zelensky didn&#39;t agree to give Trump Ukranian ;raw Earth; and Trump had to shove that ;deal; up his *ss.We&#39;re living on the edge of WW3, but not because Zelensky is ;gambling; with it, but because some sh*theads with no brain rule the most powerful country in the world.
@@daystar3172 No he won’t. You lot are so biased I’d be surprised if you knew which way your own a rse is pointing! No, I’m not from the US of A…
@ yet he spoke too much, to put it mildly
Poor, poor Zelya. I wonder, when got out of White House, did he have a dusty footprint on his behind?
You Americans are strange, you only need shock value and show. I read the comments and I am very shocked that you write in pine; this dialogue will remain in history, they will write about it in books or film it in movies. You only paid attention to HOW the conversation went, rather than to hear WHAT the conversation was about. Trump only said what his voters want to hear!!!! It is very important for him to be president for at least 2 consecutive election terms. If he does not hold his post for the next period, he will then be far behind Putin, and it is important for him to match. So let&#39;s remember Trump&#39;s phrases: ;If I were the US president then, I would never have allowed the war to start.; An empty but loud phrase that does not carry any evidence that this would not have really happened if he were in power in the US. Well, logically, he would not have been able to do anything just like any other US president, because it depended only on Putin and Zelensky.  The next phrase: ;We gave you more money than Europe; A phrase that plays on such a feeling as greed. To make Americans think that this money is from their wallets. This is despite the fact that Trump first talked about 100 billion, then 200 billion and now already 500 billion $. He said that it went from taxpayers&#39; money, but this is a lie. This money is actually from the state reserve. The US state reserve has been collected for hundreds of years in the form of gold reserves, oil reserves, precious stones, etc. Let me remind you that the USA ranks 1st in the world&#39;s gold reserves, far ahead of Germany, which ranks 2nd. So, the US has a total of reserves and resources hundreds of times greater than the country&#39;s GDP and this is sixtillions of dollars. Dear US citizens, believe me, not you, not your children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren, no one will use at least $50,000 from this reserve, even if you die of hunger.  You still worry about $500 billion. This is of course your business, but I would not worry about money that will never fall into YOUR hands, at least 0.00000000000001% of the US reserve. But your president knows that he can shoot ;blanks; and kill his listener. The next phrase: ;Putin respects me; Now that&#39;s a red light. Let&#39;s be adequate. Putin is much smarter than Trump and can outsmart him in no time. We can simply judge this by the fact that Putin has been in power for 25 years continuously, Trump thinks that if he is lucky enough to be in power for the second time, then at least he can try to negotiate with Putin. But ambitions are one thing and reality is completely different. Which is something Trump very often does not understand. So for Putin, this is a sweet bun that cooked itself and presented on a platter. What else does he need to tell him in this case?  I respect you not just as a president, but as a person and a lot of other flattery to win you over. Did Putin manage to win Trump over? 100% and we found out from the phrase: ;Putin respects me.; So, stage 1, win him over so that the course of the war changes in his favor, when it will be necessary to compromise on the part of Russia, then Putin will eat his bun. Thus, not only Ukraine will hate Trump, but also all of Europe. They will hate not only Trump, but unfortunately the United States, because you elected such a president. The United States is the daughter of Europe, I will be very offended if there is a conflict between us because you have a feeble-minded but ambitious president in power. I also know many Americans who say: Trump and Vance wanted to disgrace Zelensky at this meeting, but ended up disgracing themselves.  I am very grateful to these people and while you exist, these people who have a different opinion, who are worried about their country and its future, then the US still has a chance. A very good movie for the evening for Putin, his conversation with Trump alone caused so much noise, this is exactly how Trump dances to Putin&#39;s tune, he will not notice soon, perhaps in a few years, but then it will be too late to agree!
Hello darkness my old friend.
War but all the woman had lip fillers done.. still not really grateful but hey aslong as we spend our taxes on them not ourselves.
Those are ;wars that nobody even knows about; as he put it. 😂
Channel GodChristLord: When I viewed or witnessed this if it was live or acted I was startled. I have agreed with a former CIA head that the President&#39;s and Vice President&#39;s behavior or conduct was despicable. Once again, he is a convicted felon.
Gta6 new trailer? 😮
What a joke it makes me ashamed to say I’m a American anymore, and yes I served for 9 years, to see our so called leaders acting like well what they are rich boys that ain’t getting they’re way, kindergarten 🙈🙈
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1120">18:40 are they being serious?
How are we on the verge of WW3 with Russia when the president is a literal puppet of Putin?
@@CristianoUwaka I watched the whole thing and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Ну вот вся моя семья -- это народ Америки, как ты его называешь. Мы против демократов и Зеленского. Мы за Трампа и Путина. Ты за себя говори, а не за всех людей на этом свете. Не нравится? Ну, никто не обещал, что всё будет по твоему.
He is not reporter, he is blogger.
❤ It’s negotiations, ukrain want to get control of AIR space ! This means any plane that Russia 🇷🇺 flies over that air space can be shot down but that will weaken the Russian army due to demographic. ( USA has the sea 🌊 between then but Europe , ukrain , Russia 🇷🇺 have no sea 🌊 as big and the air space is part of NATO so forget any of that subject ) Only broken agreements come when ukrain secretly keeps demanding to join NATO that is the reason for Russia 🇷🇺 attack and warned the world 🌎 so trump will figure it out !Ukraine will never 👎 join NATO and Ukraine used propoganda to claim that Russia 🇷🇺 breaks agreements since 2014 but facts are if ukrain joins NATO the milliitary of Russia 🇷🇺 will be weakened due to the Fact of AIR DEFENSE ! This will only come with Ukraine joining NATO! So on that matter Russia 🇷🇺 will never 👎 never accept this because then they will be vulnerable and at risk of being attacked ! So that’s why Russia broke their agreement because Ukraine talking to NATO is always their excuse ( mr zelensky you are also a terrorist and a killer so now usa 🇺🇸 will be your nato defense by the deal on your land for minerals and the USA military will protect you at the same time after you make that deal TRUMP and Putin will also make the clear economic and fair advantage for peace ☮️) remove the word terrorist that is apart ! Iran is terrorist ! Hesbola is terrorist ! This matter is just about RAW earth 🌍 deals and the fact is TRuMP can negotiate but wants something for usa 🇺🇸 in return along with ✌️ peace ! Biden and Obama failed to protect their tax payer cash and maybe even BUSH both father and son since early 1990
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1125">18:45 you have probleme ?? Lol yes ! Maybe cheaper ( finger ) <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1157">19:17
What would your body language look like if a person pretends to be on your side, but mentiones the aggressor fiew times allmost like his old friend (;i&#39;ve known Putin for many years;), than sayes that he is in the middle and that you are just the same as an aggressor of your country!And than ignores that you have sayed multiple that Putins word on paper means shit and still talkes of diplomacy and signing the papers!
Won&#39;t you become aggressive if someone whose help you reach would repeat the word ;deal; hundreds of times, while your country is the only standing wall between Putin and WW3?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1072">17:52 look 👀 at finger to reporter on suit !😅 dumb insulting question by reporter ! I don’t like suits myself you fake
Gemini says you used 26 manipulations in your comment. A new record.And you used the russian transliteration of Volodymyr Zelenskyi&#39;s name. Should we discuss why you are more comfortable with russian naming? Cos we can definitely can.
;You want me to say really terrible things about Putin and then say &#39;Hi Vladimir, how are we doing on the deal?&#39; that doesn&#39;t work that way;A child would understand this but Europeans seem unable to.
fantastic
They got really up in arms when Z started to clarify the misleading “facts”. Z was letting everyone know Europe is helping equally and Trump has been involved in the many broken ceasefires over the years. Z wants it to be known that hasn’t worked and is not going to work. This is very very dangerous. What I heard was give up “sign the paper again” cuz you can’t win!
JD is the typical snitch of the bully u get in school.A suck up boot licker who puts himself in the limelight to appease the bully.Nothing but a Rat
@ He did. If I were Trump I would have him arrested for trespassing.
Yes It&#39;s very important to have the entire Antagonistic context of Zelensky.
When did he start?
@@jonathanvales4635 Most of those dollars are in the form of weapons.  Giving those weapons allows for the American manufacturers of those weapons to then get additional government contracts to produce more/new gen weapons.  The US is giving money to itself in circular fashion and claiming they are giving Ukraine support.The way Trump and team are presenting the whole thing is beyond grotesque and I would personally feel quite the murderous rage if I was in Zelenskyy&#39;s position.
До этого дня был шанс у демократов, поставить Путина на место и весь мир ликовал бы и благодарил бы Великую Америку и его Народ и президента за справедливость! Но демократом не хватило смелости. Шанс был у Республиканцев и Трампа победить Путина и стать великой, но у них тоже не хватило смелости и ума, теперь вся надежда на Народ Америки. Если ничего не предпринимать то завтра весь мир будет слушаться и жить по прихотям Путина и Си Цзинь Пина! Удивительно шансы были и у Байдена и Трампа остаться в истории Великими Президентами, но оказывается мы живем при великом путине
Not clear enough. He says something that begins with the ;S; sound, but I don&#39;t think it was ;suka;, which indeed means ;bitch; literally, but in Russian (it&#39;s a Russian word, not Ukrainian, but Russian is the first and native language for Zelensky), so in Russian it is a word used to express disappointment, kind of like the F-word in certain situations.
I do not hear ;suka; from Zelensky. I saw ;suka blyat;, but this is mem.
Заткни свою пельку, діду, якого , навіть своя дружина,не хоче тримати за руку !
Check please
I have never seen a leader disrespecting another leader is such way in a public platform, neither have I seen a President using word like scum and stupid for previous presidents of the same country. No decorum, no respect. Such shit show US politics has become.
@@CristianoUwaka I watched the whole thing and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
I frankly wish Trump will ever support Ukraine to protect freedom, democracy for the world especially for EU and US power effectively .
Sorry to say, but Ukrainians will fight for our motherland with or without Americans. You broke peace agreement taking our nukes, you tell us to fight this or that way, you promise support and give much less, you discuss with invaders and murderers how to cut our map and dig our resources and don&#39;t respect our will. You look less an ally and more an obstacle. And it&#39;s time for you to go.Ukraine will be neither russian, nor American. We were, are and will be European. See us a respected and respectful partner or piss off.
@ I watched the whole thing and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
This is the same Vladimir Zelensky who recognized in March 2022 that some Western states including USA wanted to use Ukraine as a proxy against Russia:-  “There are those in the West who don’t mind a long war because it would mean exhausting Russia, even if this means the demise of Ukraine and comes at the cost of Ukrainian lives.”  Both Israeli and Turkish mediators have confirmed that the U.S. and U.K. sabotaged the Istanbul peace agreement in order to pit Russia against the Ukrainians in a proxy war. After the Maidan coup by the US in 2014, Ukrainian army began shelling ethnic Russians in Donbas. It subsided after Minsk agreements in 2014/15, but as disclosed by Poroshenko in June ‘22, and by Merkel &amp; Hollande in Dec ‘22, the Minsk were intended to buy time to arm Ukraine against Russia, not to seek peace. The US occupied Afghanistan for 20 years, but it finally left in Aug ‘21, evidently to prepare for the Ukraine project 6 months later. In Sep ‘21 Zelensky visited Biden to get support to join NATO, and shelling in Donbas by Ukrainian forces up 2800% since 16 Feb ‘22 (OSCE data), crossing Putin’s redlines and provoked the war.This is the same Zelenskyy who failed to understand that his countrymen refused to fight for him or for their country. Huge amounts of young Ukrainian men roaming around in USA and Europe. They even get to travel home to Ukraine for holidays whilst still getting welfare payments from our government. Meanwhile in USA elderly and disabled veterans being thrown out of their homes to make room for illegal immigrants. U.S city streets are lined with hundreds of thousands tents, shelters, homelessness and drug addiction taking over. Cost of living soaring from inflation, making it impossible for families to provide basic needs.My niece lives in Canada. My niece bought some car cleaning products from a gas station and when she asked about sales associate accent, he replied that he is from Ukraine. My niece asked why he wasn&#39;t fighting for his homeland since Canadian soldiers (and other NATO nations) were fighting for his country. He replied that NATO promised to defend Ukraine and he wanted to be safe! He doesn’t want to fight and die. Unbelievable! Ukraine is number one corrupt country in Europe and 4th in the world, Biden funded 350 billions of taxpayers dollar to Ukraine like Amazon Prime customer ( Free shipping of U.S dollar ). Biden- Kamala Corruption in USA was like there’s no tomorrow. Under Trump presidency those days will be over soon…very soon! A deal needs to be made. It won’t be a good one for deep state, but the longer Ukraine waits, the worse the deal is likely to become.The Soviet Union gifted land to the Ukrainian SSR, in good faith, along with Crimea and the Black Sea fleet. On condition they always stay together. The contingency was broken, and Russia reclaimed. So ;Putin invaded on Feb. 24, 2022, after demanding that NATO abandon membership for Ukraine and pull back the alliance&#39;s troops on NATO&#39;s eastern flank -- actions rejected by the West.;  A peace agreement resulting from talks in Istanbul in April 2022 would have resulted no territorial changes, only security guarantees of Ukraine&#39;s neutrality and assurance of Ukraine never joining NATO.  Boris Johnson convinced Zelenskyy to reject the agreement, but as the leader of Ukraine, Zelenskyy is ultimately to be held accountable for not accepting the agreement.  None of the territorial concessions that are being talked about now would have happened if Zelenskyy would have just accepted the agreement. A deal needs to be made. It won’t be a good one for deep state, but the longer Ukraine waits, the worse the deal is likely to become.Spineless Dictator Zelenskyy picked a wrong fight with U.S President Trump! He will pay a big price! His US visa will be revoked forever and every property he owns in US will be seized by the US government. DOGE should investigate how and where he spent over $350 billion dollar! He will have to answer to the US taxpayers! He may face criminal charges for stealing money if proven guilty by US Justice Department. All European leaders should be on alert whoever behind this proxy war!!!
With all respect to Zelensky and Ukraine, Trump wanted to make peace and get a deal which help to align interests of USA with interests of Ukraine (the economic value of the deal is negative for USA, but it&#39;s good for Ukraine), and Zelensky with the first words of his speech wanted to continue to tell the same words about Putin and factually used the Oval Office media for insulting his Russian opponent. Why the hell anybody allows himself to destroy all peaceful efforts for a minute of world attention? Is there any new words for anybody - in these Zelensky&#39;s words? Does anybody in the world not know the Zelensky&#39;s position about Russian president? U went to Oval Office to work on peace and on a deal to help your country and instead of this u are doing the same old stuff just to destroy all Trump&#39;s efforts to make peace. The only reason for that type of behavior - Zelensky wanted to do it, to make him popular in Ukraine again and doesn&#39;t want to make peace, because that peace deal will finish his power in Ukraine. That&#39;s really sad. Hope USA and Ukraine will be able to find common ground in the next  3-5 months - if not, that will be much more devastating loss of human lives.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2565">42:45 Selenskyi said something like ;Suka;. According to google translator this means something like ;Bitch;. So now he&#39;s starting to give Trump and Vance names too? Can someone that understands ukrainian confirm that?
Epic fail! Probably took him a lot of dust to ease the pain )
Zelensky’s facial expressions convey sooo much emotion
Подивіться реакцію американців на трампа ! Сором країни !
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1140">19:00 ❤what the dick is a suit gonna help that part was insult !It’s negotiations, ukrain want to get control of AIR space ! This means any plane that Russia 🇷🇺 flies over that air space can be shot down but that will weaken the Russian army due to demographic. ( USA has the sea 🌊 between then but Europe , ukrain , Russia 🇷🇺 have no sea 🌊 as big and the air space is part of NATO so forget any of that subject ) Only broken agreements come when ukrain secretly keeps demanding to join NATO that is the reason for Russia 🇷🇺 attack and warned the world 🌎 so trump will figure it out !Ukraine will never 👎 join NATO and Ukraine used propoganda to claim that Russia 🇷🇺 breaks agreements since 2014 but facts are if ukrain joins NATO the milliitary of Russia 🇷🇺 will be weakened due to the Fact of AIR DEFENSE ! This will only come with Ukraine joining NATO! So on that matter Russia 🇷🇺 will never 👎 never accept this because then they will be vulnerable and at risk of being attacked ! So that’s why Russia broke their agreement because Ukraine talking to NATO is always their excuse ( mr zelensky you are also a terrorist and a killer so now usa 🇺🇸 will be your nato defense by the deal on your land for minerals and the USA military will protect you at the same time after you make that deal TRUMP and Putin will also make the clear economic and fair advantage for peace ☮️) remove the word terrorist that is apart ! Iran is terrorist ! Hesbola is terrorist ! This matter is just about RAW earth 🌍 deals and the fact is TRuMP can negotiate but wants something for usa 🇺🇸 in return along with ✌️ peace ! Biden and Obama failed to protect their tax payer cash and maybe even BUSH both father and son since early 1990
A great Historique Moment ! Peace&amp; Love ! Thanks at Trump because he want Peace !
The arrogance, wow. I&#39;m so disappointed in our so-called leaders.  Learn to be humble
How can you have peace if you keep calling, putin a killer and terrorist i think he needs to control his language if he wants peace then he should not use such words for the sake of peace
I love Trump.  You all forget Ukraine is not our ally we owe them nothing they only got so much from biden because they held blackmail from him and his sons dealings their with bursima.
At the end, Trump-JD showed the world who they are… 🤷🏾‍♂️
It’s negotiations, ukrain want to get control of AIR space ! This means any plane that Russia 🇷🇺 flies over that air space can be shot down but that will weaken the Russian army due to demographic. ( USA has the sea 🌊 between then but Europe , ukrain , Russia 🇷🇺 have no sea 🌊 as big and the air space is part of NATO so forget any of that subject ) Only broken agreements come when ukrain secretly keeps demanding to join NATO that is the reason for Russia 🇷🇺 attack and warned the world 🌎 so trump will figure it out !Ukraine will never 👎 join NATO and Ukraine used propoganda to claim that Russia 🇷🇺 breaks agreements since 2014 but facts are if ukrain joins NATO the milliitary of Russia 🇷🇺 will be weakened due to the Fact of AIR DEFENSE ! This will only come with Ukraine joining NATO! So on that matter Russia 🇷🇺 will never 👎 never accept this because then they will be vulnerable and at risk of being attacked ! So that’s why Russia broke their agreement because Ukraine talking to NATO is always their excuse ( mr zelensky you are also a terrorist and a killer so now usa 🇺🇸 will be your nato defense by the deal on your land for minerals and the USA military will protect you at the same time after you make that deal TRUMP and Putin will also make the clear economic and fair advantage for peace ☮️) remove the word terrorist that is apart ! Iran is terrorist ! Hesbola is terrorist ! This matter is just about RAW earth 🌍 deals and the fact is TRuMP can negotiate but wants something for usa 🇺🇸 in return along with ✌️ peace ! Biden and Obama failed to protect their tax payer cash and maybe even BUSH both father and son since early 1990
I am glad ppl are not against zelensky here. I mean am not a fan or abything. But he said nothing wrong.
jd vance is on his shit no lie. very smart very well spoken and very direct in what hes saying. just wow to jd vance good job man. especially coming from hard youth. you can become anything you dream of.
I can&#39;t say anything else than what has been said in these comments. But when a family man, a leader of his people, a defender of his country gets put down by a so-called leader of a great and powerful nation, is totally disgusting. Slava Zelensky. You have a battle royal. The Nobel peace prize should go to you Zelensky
Чому якийсь гандон може ставитись до Зеленського , як скажена псина , а він повинен це ковтати ? Ви хуйово знаєте українців!трамп - іди на х у й , ти сором країни !
Did Putin ever come to White House?...NO?...then this is proof enough that Zelenskyy is not a dictator...I don&#39;t think US has a habit to invite dictators to the White House...but state might change on Trumps rule..
All he needs just close his mouth, but nooo ,;may i ask u a question;
Reporter: gives hollow praises to TrumpTrump:  ;I LOVE THIS GUY!  Who are you with?;Reporter: <b>answers</b>Trump: ;I like them!  I like the question!;Trump then states ;there never should have been no war; and lies about Iran being broke and Hezbollah going from ;no money to $300million in a period of 4 years [under Biden];
Trump and his vice think that&#39;s the way to start a peace building? They are totally wrong. Shouting what they want to listen.
Don&#39;t be fooled
Russian word ;suka; Russians use to drop emotions. Suka is different with mothefcker. The most cases ;suka; uses to drop stress when person has tired mental.
If we watch the entire video,  we can clearly see that Zelensky had no intention of signing the deal from the beginning.He had already given up on U.S. aid and wanted to deliberately provoke the U.S. to break the deal in order to extract aid from Europe instead.
Wtf is raw earth
I frankly wish Trump will ever support Ukraine to protect freedom, democracy for the world especially for EU and US power effectively .
It seems that Zelensky requested the presser before the signing (opposite of the norm). The deal was agreed upon with the state department and Zelensky came in and blew it up.    Opening statement<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=148">2:28 Trump: The US will be in Ukraine (not military) joint 50/50 partnership with the mining.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=205">3:25 Zelensky: Wants to discuss it further, security guarantees, europe is ready to continue fighting is the US, stop Putin &amp; no compromises with Putin about our territories he captured.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=567">9:27 Trump: We need to make the cease fire deal first.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=663">11:03 (his rebuttal) Zelensky: Europe gave just as much if not more than the US (fuzzy math: collective maybe but not individual) and then both laugh it off.    As of feb 2025 US $119-175B EU $138-145B (27 member states) <b>UNGRATEFUL bastard, to the presidents face in front of our media in the Oval office!</b> <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=794">13:14 Trump: Accomplished a lot with the cease fire deal &amp; let&#39;s get the war stopped, back to normalization, good talks on both sides,<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=831">13:51 Zelensky: Interrupts Trump, with ;They came to our territory;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=859">14:19 Trump: Yes we will be continuing sending aid to Ukraine.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=891">14:51 Zelensky: US will continue... BUT Russia came to our territory, and they need to leave (that&#39;s not a cease fire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=972">16:12 Trump: You&#39;ll always need compromises to a deal, i&#39;m just trying to get a ceasefire, stop the war, i&#39;m a mediator.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1035">17:15 hands over to Zelensky: He wants to but doesn&#39;t respond and puts up his hands shakes his head.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1094">18:14 Press: an absolute <b>STUPID</b> question about Zelensky not wearing a suit (antagonistic)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1166">19:26 Trump: yes we&#39;ll be sending arms hopefullly not to much with a peace deal (<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1181">19:41 &amp; <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1276">21:16 Zelensky had some body language that didn&#39;t like that statement) ceasefire first then security<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1379">22:59 Trump: says your I like your clothing, it&#39;s fine. Zelensky: ceasefire will never work<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1433">23:53 Trump: He never broke ceasefire with me. Zelensky: he DID break it with you, you were the president, then backs up and says NOT with you<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1458">24:18 Zelensky: We will never accept ceasefire without security guarantees, this document is not enough, a strong army IS enough (just wants to keep fighting)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1731">28:51 Trump: We&#39;re committed to NATO, NATO needs to contribute the same percentage EQUAL<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2065">34:25 Trump: I make deals &amp; this is a dangerous mess, we are going to get it solved (starting with a ceasefire)<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2395">39:55 Vance: We need demplomancy, the threats have not worked for the last 4 years<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2431">40:31 Zelensky: Trump did nothing to get Crimea back, what kind of diplomacy JD are you speaking about.to the end... the clips that everyone is commenting on, out of the context of Zelensky being antagonistic the entire entire presser and not wanting a ceasefire (the first step to everything!)
;IM LITERALLY SHAKING; Haahaha stay mad loser
Children run the US government
Dude is pretty fucking high АF
Zelensky just wants money. I can&#39;t believe the media is acting like Trump is wrong. The media is a disgrace I hope Zelensky doesn&#39;t get another penny he&#39;s PATHETIC.
Trump is not a president of USA he is a seller in the turkish bazaar and JD is the second pathetic person in the room after stupid guy in blue suit. That was madness, looks like a very bad movie. Stay strong Ukraine, stay strong mister president Zelensky.
Elensky repeated so many times for the last 3 years how Russia came first and occupied Ukraine territory, that you actually start questioning if this is true or not just because he keep saying this like he wants it to be true but it&#39;s really not the case
;You are gambling with World War Ill. You are gambling with World War IIl,; Trump of the freedom-loving country screams in horror to Zelensky, thus suggesting that Ukrainians submit to Russian slavery.Trump has disgraced America in front of the whole world.
“It’s gonna be very hard to do business like this “.  I thought this was politics not business
Compared to Putin, trump has incredibly low IQ and zero backbone. How can so inteligent man as Fred Trump was, have so dumb child lol
Чому не показали розмови з хуйлом ?  Напевно не хотіли палити геолокацію бані з проститутками ?
The world needs more conscious leaders: leaders who are kind and empathetic and who, most importantly, put the needs of those they lead before their own.
Zelensky is utterly useless! Coke is screwing him up
Why do you think so?
I don&#39;t want to take any sides... But if you notice.. Trump snapped first after Zelensky said that they have been alone in the war. That&#39;s why Trump felt that he wasn&#39;t grateful because he shouldn&#39;t have said that they were alone when the USA helped them.
Всім зрозуміло , це була розмова між старим гопніком/ баригою в людиною, яка боронить свій дім ! Завдяки цим перемовинам всім стало багато , що зрозуміло ! Дякую , сучий син- трамп, що показав своє / путиньське обличчя ! Браво.  👏🏻 дякую всім громадянам США за їх підтримку !
When did he start?
иди это бабке своей раскажи чудик
“Obama gave sheets (non-lethal aid in 2015, designed not to provoke Russia) Trump gave Javelins (powerful weapons designed to fight against Russia in 2019)”So you just admitted you provoked Russia to invade Ukraine! Clearly Obama could see how paranoid Russia was regarding Ukraine and you gave them clear reason to be paranoid by arming them for war! Now, a million deaths later— like a drug dealer they are addicted to getting weapons &amp; you are suddenly saying “we wont supply you no more!” How ugly would it be for you to get them hooked on violence, lose hundreds of thousands of their civilians, ruin their country, lose their land, and now expect them to Trump forfeit their natural resources; this is like a person selling fentanyl that costs the once healthy client his entire life &amp; now he is smacking around the client like some kind of fiend—you literally messed up his head and ruined his life! Obama knew better!
Всім зрозуміло , це була розмова між старим гопніком/ баригою в людиною, яка боронить свій дім ! Завдяки цим перемовинам всім стало багато , що зрозуміло ! Дякую , сучий син- трамп, що показав своє / путиньське обличчя ! Браво.  👏🏻 дякую всім громадянам США за їх підтримку !
Zelensky thanks Trump at the beginning and again between 7-8 minutes in. Security of Ukraine should be the priority and not the minerals deal as the minerals are Ukraine’s “trump card”. Trump makes everything about himself making false claims about  his ability to get things done and he has embarrassed himself and the country with his pathetic diplomatic ability. He is no deal maker but a pathetic bully and a selfish sociopath. He won the election by narrow margins and did not receive the majority vote when third party votes are included. His presidency is a disaster.
Did I miss the part where he attacked the administration?
;The drama of a dying world has been turned into a soap opera for most people; <del>Terence Mckenna</del>
@ In relation to population size many European countries have given much more than US.
No, he will agree if his most important conditions are met. And first of all that is a safety guarantee!
@@ernaaslan102🤷🏻🤦🏻🤦🏻
Утверждение факта это не означает отчитывать, Зеленский ему прямым текстом доказывает, что сделки с Путиным не надежны, так как он нарушал множество сделок, множество раз, так о чем ты говоришь, если тебя тыкие слова злят, значит ты тупое быдло
Trup super! Żeleński getrunken
My whole life is deals 😂 <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2037">33:57
I think that regardless of whether one&#39;s command of English is good, or even very good, such talks/meetings should have a translator. How can you seek balance when everybody speaks their mother tongue and you&#39;re struggling to understand what is being said? Has anyone of you been in such a situation? Adding and interpreter, gives you more time to gather your thoughts, think it over etc. Plus, it calms down the atmosphere when needed.It&#39;s simply not fair when your hosts meet you 2:1, throw jokes over your head and use colloquial language and you are left on your own to face it.I had the same once while working for the Spanish company. I was too good in Spanish for them to talk their broken English, yet too weak in Spanish to be on an equal footing. I think Zelenskiy didn&#39;t have comfort during the meeting, so when attacked by J.D. he just crashed.
JD Vance  is the   dick 🤬
Dumb zelensky😂
simple question, what if the break the deal
I wish Mr Zelenskyy was our president.
same, because any other news outlet gives propaganda opinions.
HEARTLESS CRIMINALS ALL OF THEM &lt; TRUMP &lt; PUTIN &lt; ZELENSKY AND THEY ALL WORK TOGETHER DONT BE DECEIVED
Exactly and you can&#39;t be a mediator if you pick a side.
This is who you really are. You have been profiting from war for years. You say you are helping others, but in fact you are getting the greatest benefit. Now I see clearly, you are the most terrifying vampires in the world. USA.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=720">12:00 It felt so natural. The guys is a comedian and I believe this is what he really loves doing. Give him a gig in fringe and get a president who really wants to stop the war.
This is disgusting and embarrassing for Americans.  Who the flying fuck voted for Trump.  Ours ; leaders; are people who need their asses kissed and desperatley need praise rather than hearing the truth and doing the right thing.  I am like in literal shock after watching this.   WE ARE SCREWED.
Vsnce needs to actually learn about conflict resolution! What a foolish human who created this conflict…what a pathetic low life.
Wtf... All what i heard: I&#39;m a tough guy, I make a good deal, I&#39;m smarter than Biden, I&#39;m gonna get that rare mineral a goo deal. What kind of conversation is that?? These are cartoons compared with Rusia and China in politics terms.
@@T-sz7oi Pay roll my bum, burn in anger trumpet
USA was already the strongest cou try before WWII you&#39;re so full of sht, all this rext and not a single truth
All right let’s just be real here the fraudulent administration that was in office for the last four years basically destroyed the world but all delusional moronic Libtards live in a fantasy world that for some reason they can’t get out of and Zelinsky‘s been making billions off of us and his people have been dying so now it’s time for a reality check which people on the left don’t understand that word reality!!
JD Vance stuffed up the whole meeting. They were on the last question of a cordial and good meeting, and he suddenly takes it on himself to try and rebuke Zelensky, telling him he&#39;s being disrespectful. The arrogance from Vance was shameful. As a Christian, I am ashamed that you call yourself a brother in Christ and yet behave like that. You did not represent the King in that meeting. By your words, you showed yourself up. You owe Zelensky an apology for your atrocious behaviour. Trump is not a brother in Christ, so he doesn&#39;t know any better. But you Vance, you know better.
After watching the full meeting, it&#39;s Zelensky who started the fight.He needs to do reality check.
Notice how trump mostlt picks the male or more masculine people to ask the question. Idiot
Trump is doing a good job at big noting himself!! What an ego. 🙄🤦🏼‍♀️
THIS VIDEO HAS BEEN EDITED IT IS NOT THE FULL VIDEO
WTH 🤦‍♀️ 🤦‍♀️ 🤦‍♀️ 🤦‍♀️ 🤦‍♀️  wow what the hell did I and the world just watched, 😮 the president is putins lap dog  and JD Vance is trumps  WTH 🤦‍♀️  this twilight zone episode isn&#39;t funny 😳 😐
lol, but this is a purely Ukrainian lie. Everyone quickly forgot that it was Ukraine that violated Minsk-1, Ukraine violated Minsk-2, they openly admitted that they were not going to fulfill anything and were only accumulating forces, now the clown says that Putin will violate the agreements. It&#39;s just ridiculous)
Zelenskyy called JD Vance suka (motherfucker), I can’t believe that
This is embarrassing
The problem is we cannot keep funding this war Joe Biden started. It needs to stop. Donald Trump is trying to understand and ease tensions on both sides. Joe Biden was the complete agressor with this war, he started the war and he kept it going by just throwing more money at weapons toward it.DJT  wants to talk to both sides.
136 countries offered military assistance to the US after the 9/11 attacks. Can&#39;t remember any of them asking for their money back
When I first saw articles about this I was disappointed to hear about Trump&#39;s behavior, but after watching the full video Zelensky is clearly the one that initiated this chaos which seems to be ignored by the press.
Brave,wiseman Trump...
Стара Сива п о т в о р а - трамп! Яка нічого не знає про гідність , торгаш зі своєю ОПГ ! Сподіваюсь , що тебе знесуть !!
How dare you ask this world leader why don’t you wear a suit!? A generation of his countrymen are dying and you asked why don’t you wear a suit?
it is shocking Zelensky actually beleives his own propoganda..
hi
Who taught this admin how to start fires?? The kindling goes on the bottom. 🤦‍♂️
@@sergeyp8574He DID behave like a guest, but this whole meeting is a freakin’ joke! It’s being treated like a joke, by Trump &amp; the moronic journalists, while they’re talking about war &amp; people being killed. I feel sorry for Zelensky having to put up with this &amp; even sit in that room. 🇦🇺
I understood him they will NOT let him explain!
I remembered ;Madam Binh dancing with wolves;
Thank you for sharing this. A lot of media only shows parts of it.
Throughout history, America has sacrificed the lives of its own soldiers in wars around the world, standing as a defender of civilization and humanity. But it&#39;s disheartening to see the American media more worried about why a help-seeking president didn’t wear a suit rather than focusing on the reality in Ukraine—where so many lives have been lost, and so many more are still dying. And these American leaders are acting like dictators while advocating for free speech, yet they refuse to listen to this help-seeking president or give him a chance to explain why he believes a ceasefire deal alone won’t end the war or save the remaining innocent lives. America has always stood for justice—this moment should be no different. Thousands have already died in this war, and countless more continue to die. These are human lives at stake. America needs to get back to what it truly is...The Righteous Power that has always stood up to defend and make the weak countries stronger...
Z is an embarrassment to humanity.  Vance showed his inexperience but he did better than Harris would have, cackle-cackle and more dumber statements than Biden would have done.  Trump is Trump and he is right! Z does not has a leg to stand on.   If Z refuses a treaty then let his country burn just as long as the American taxpayer receives its money back out of that shythole or we take their farmland as payment and declare that a territory of America.  We can send farmers there to grow more crops for US or sell it to reimburse the taxpayers.
Drumpf-Krasnov is a coward and a traitor. JD Vance is Peter Thiel&#39;s lapdog, a spineless coward.
America should apologise. Don&#39;t worry, I won&#39;t hold my breath.
This will be a movie scene in the future.
hi is stupid man
@@CrutonwytAre you kidding me?? Zelensky hardly speaks at all, compared to Trump!
😂😂😂😂🙉
We are waiting for the opening of the second front
The hostility started when conservative reporter asked Zelensky why doesn’t he wear a suit
At the beginning Zelenskyy says lots and lots of thanks. Why does he, the most powerful person, always avoid the important and dwell on the trivial？And thanks for sharing this report that is closest to the facts and does not deceive.
Lots of bots in the comment section.
Zelenskyy is an idiot.
Putin is not a terrorist How Zelenskyy says he and his condolences
This should not have taken place.. In know way it looks like a serious bilateral discussion.. It looks like a circus going on.. Very unfortunate..
Putin nije Terrorist kako Zelenskyy kaze vec on i njegovi saucesnici
Vincent changed the whole demeanor of that meeting.  Then Trump followed suit. Wow.
Budapest Memorandum.
He walked into a media trap set by two new bullies at the White House.... one of the saddest scenes in world politics. By the way, congratulations on the classist observation of the fucking puppet journalist.
1. Zelensky didnt get to answer all the questions and rudely interrupted. He thanked USA both here and in the past. Vance was wrong about this.2. Trump banged on about being a peacemaker. Remembered as one3. Trump talked up his electoral win.4.  Zelensky understandably was exasperated. His body language was unfortunate but what did you expect.5. The question about a suit. Churchill wore battle clothing often in support of the forces fighting a warMy support and sympathy is with Zelensky. I hope Trump forges a pathway to peace that puts Ukraine, the victim at the centre.Valance was out of order, provocative and confrontational. Triggered Trump. Unfortunate.
@<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2610">43:30 lol ahahahahahahaha;I have all the ;toy; soldiers. You&#39;re not in a position to deal. You don&#39;t have any toys. I have all the toys.;Tyrants love toys.RIPAmerica
What an embarrassing display of the United States president, I am appalled by the Trump and Vance actions. The US is failing thanks to Donald Trump.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2848">47:28 he killed her with that comback lol
did you know who is antichrist?
Everything you do comes back 3x worse, remmber velsenkiThere were many reports of Black people being refused at border crossings in favor of white Ukrainians, leaving them stuck at borders for days in brutal conditions. Ukraine stated they would first allow women and children on trains and transport out of the country to flee the Russian invasion. However, it seems they meant Ukrainian and European women and children. Videos show Black people being pushed off trains and Black drivers being reprimanded and stalled by Ukrainians as they try to flee. There are even reports of animals being allowed on trains before Africans
Thank you C-span for showing the full press conference 🙏
what  I got from this is Zelensky will only agree to end the war if its 100% on his terms.  Thats never gonna happen...
👍🏻
Watching the whole Oval Office interaction certainly shows the true Trump. OMG what a despicable human being he is 🤬
;COMMITTED TO NATO;!?? He promised to get us outa NATO!
Zelensky was very mature during this interview; but Trump act like a littile child
That&#39;s right, even though he&#39;s the Vice President of the United States he&#39;s not the equivalent authority level as Zekenskyy in the room. You&#39;d be surprised if he would run for presidency in 2028
That foolish president not ready to accept the deal before it expires 😂.  Russia won&#39;t go easy on him again
white boy trump
doesnt look like Trump is interested in blessing Ukraine, more interested in appeasing Putin. No Justice No Peace. spare me all the false peace bs
Zelensky such a brainless president 😂
This is whole thing is so much like a divorce it’s uncanny. This is what happens when a battered spouse (Ukraine) finally leaves her abuser (Russia). In my state (NC), you typically have to go through  mandatory mediation to try to get these people who hate each other to stop fighting. If you’re representing the victim of abuse—as I have done many times over the past 21 years—they can demonstrate a LOT of the same behaviors that I feel I saw in Zelensky just now. He looks at the US like my clients look at me: help me beat this guy, fight for me. They’re proud of having stood up for themselves and the last thing they want to hear from their champion is settlement vocabulary. Their abuser is wrong and deserves to be punished; they, the victim, deserve vindication. If you don’t get it, maybe you’re not really on their side. It is totally understandable, and any idea that Russia should keep any of their plunder for any amount of time is morally revolting. But as I’ve said again and again: there is a cost to being right. Do you want to pay it, or is there another way to a better future? I hate to say it, but I really understand why Tr/ance kind of went off here. I’ve felt a little of that in situations where I’ve worked a deal for somebody who already owes me money for my work and who I know will never be able to pay for a trial. Yes, the other side is wrong, but I’ve got a lot of my own bills at home and I can’t let my employees or family suffer so that you can “win.” I would also add that no mediation will EVER be successful if a party sees the mediator talking mad cat turds about him. He’ll have no credibility, and the personality disorder in the other room will kick into high gear. Slava Ukraini, I’m all about it, but I understand why Tr/ance kind of boiled over a little.
😂 he doesn&#39;t care about terrorists
You know trump cringes when zelensky calls putin a terrorist and that should tell you something 🤡 America first? my <b>*</b> - protect democracy not your wallet and your pride
@ 😂😂😂
You can tell who is trying to keep a good relationship to try and end a war, and who isn&#39;t.Zelensky doesn&#39;t want it to stop at all. It&#39;s insane.
Jd Vance took it off the rails unnecessarily. Trump did a decent job until Vance came in.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1823">30:23 just out of curiosity, can anyone tell me about the wars that he stopped? Apparently there were a lot. I know that a lot of stuff happens behind closed doors, but war... It involves a lot of people. So, I&#39;m just curious which countries nearly had wars but didn&#39;t, because of Trump.I&#39;m not a Trump supporter, nor am I anti Trump. I&#39;m just curious. Interested, in fact.
Why does everyone believe Zelensky’s every word? I live in Russia and I can say for sure that there are no 20 broken ceasefires , it’s all a lie. About 20 thousand abducted children, this statement goes beyond fiction
Why does everyone believe Zelensky’s every word? I live in Russia and I can say for sure that there are no 20 broken ceasefires , it’s all a lie
Зеленскому безразличны люди, его интересует только сохранение строя и своего элитарного положения в этом строе - поэтому он и требует гарантии безопасности, а не просит о немедленном прекращении огня.
yep
lol <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2566">42:46 did President Zelensky say : Сука блядь? lol.
UKRAINE PRESIDENT YOU SHOULD MAKE A PACT WITH CHINE, AND LEAVE AMERICA AS A SHIT..TRUMP WILL TAKE THE MINERAL FROM YOU WITH FORCE…THE SECOND MAN AFTER THE TRUMP WHY INTERVENT,  TRUMP CAN’T SPEAK FOR HIMSELF..I’M VERY HAPPY THAT UKRINE PRESIDENT  DID NOT SIGN ..AMERICA TELL YOU SELL WEAPONS, LEFT YOU UNARMED.AND NOW AMERICA WANT TO GET AND YOUR MINERAL TO LEFTE THE UKRINE PEOPLE POOR..AMERICA MAKES WAR  ALL OVER THE WORLD.. UKRINE PRESIDENT GO AND MAKE DEAL WITH CHINE TO SAVE UKRAINE
<a =":/_Kpyno9dOjw">:youtu.be/_Kpyno9dOjw?si=QTkuj5M0nMXGlwGc
Just amazes me how Trump doesnt see Palestinians being murdered the same way.
Went from a fender bender to a pile up at the end.
51 🇨🇦
Where can I get a transcript? I just want to get the information without having to look at or listen to Trump. He disgusts me.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2839">47:19
Alot of Americans are mad your not wearing a suit?? I dont really think any of us care much. Frankly i always liked that he didnt wear suits. And honesty can we humble ourselves a little and stop acting like the whitehouse is some sacred holy thing. Like who cares. As long as your not walking around dressed like a street thug who gives a fuck if your not wearing a suit in the white house.
Lol okWho’s donating
Trump is Putin&#39;s puppet
This administration is So Obsessed with ;building the perfect beast;, that they are scraping the world table of Every last nickel to put into nefarious technologies.. Even to Starving out lil old ladies on Social Security! Getting judgements, forcing bankruptcy, making deals to further Monopolize NWO Approved Vendors, Making American life Miserable! The 1st Horse has ridden! And I Voted and Campaigned for him, only to be betrayed and Sacrificed for big boys with little boy dreams .Goin to Mars! lol.. foolish vapors.Time to ;choose ye, this day, who you will serve; bc ;You got to serve somebody;
the first 39 minutes went relatively smoothly except that suit question.
Top leaders of the world,please bear a humanity or good action towards the innocent people like Ukrainians
This video, from start to finish, tells a very different story than what is being perpetuated globally. It’s hard to describe, but due to body language, tone, and inflection, it seems that Zelenskyy is more aggressive in his positioning, prioritizing Ukraine’s wants over its needs. Yes, his country is at war, and Russia threw the first punch, yet his attitude and demeanor while asking for help seem based more on chance than reason or principle.The more I see, the more I understand the U.S. position. I am Canadian, and I don’t think this interaction was as much of a one-sided berating as the masses are being led to believe. I do believe we are on the precipice of a third global conflict. These are very dangerous and worrying times indeed.
Sorry I wouldn’t consider Zelensky a world leader. Being a president of a country doesn’t automatically make you a world leader… lol
These men glorify their powers instead of glorifying God 🙏🏼
Reporters need to be asking the White House how in the hell did an unauthorized reporter from Russia State TV gain access to the Oval Office meeting between Trump and Zelensky??? If no gets fired for this breach of security or no one takes the bullet and resigns, then it&#39;s clear Trump is in the bag for Russia and that should be every reporters follow-up question.
Zelensky is very brave to come to the WH and to carry on with a strong propaganda, despote he supported K.Harris ans is not even President anymore, but she&#39;d better explain whete the money is gone, being French, us European are very aware there are interests we are not seeing....we want a ceasefire quickly. EU is collapsing
Is this satire?
The truth is big Z never wants the war to end he really means to the last Ukrainian ..then he can exit stage left ..job done for his benefactors won’t be long now till the vans pull up to school to “conscript” 16 n 17 year old boys..
The Junkie really embarrassed himself. Now that the ;Big Guy; is gone he cant blackmail the Planet anymore. Bye Greendolf!
Dont u wear a suit..go in hell.lizzard...hahahaaa...imbecil of jurnalist....meeting is end.zelensky,stop talking with this clowns and leave...usa is sheet
@@paulmcmorrow9640 This is who you really are. You have been profiting from war for years. You say it&#39;s to help others, but in fact you get the greatest benefit. Now I see clearly that you are the most terrifying vampires in the world.
@@paulmcmorrow9640 This is who you really are. You have been profiting from war for years. You say it&#39;s to help others, but in fact you get the greatest benefit. Now I see clearly that you are the most terrifying vampires in the world.
What a disgrace USA has become
trump is becoming the devil
Zele - een drama-king, zele praat artistiek en dramatisch, zele is een schande 😁
Ty cspan!
The two men who started this were JD Vance and Zelenskyy. Neither came out of this looking good in my view.
President Trump: I like his clothing. I think hes dressed beautifully.
Lulz! Your Fuhrer must be Happy IF he sees the End of it!
@@ObeseKings You, Bot
The yanks want to rule the world but can&#39;t help their own homeless or give their people proper free health care ,claim they&#39;ve no money but billions for wars and aid for foreign countries.
What about Palestine?.
If Trump had a better supporting cast, America would be better.  But the supporting cast is lacking so there goes the chaos.
Trump said wasn’t under him when in fact earlier in meeting Zelensky stated agreement in 2010 was made and Putin broke it. If not mistaken Trump was president in 2019. How delusional can he be? Is this for show to manipulate his base or does he actually believe nonsense he spews?
Zelensky is on the defensive from the start of this press conference
Zel: &#39; I want peace. Sure. But Putin is a terrorist, a killer, a devil etc.&#39; With this attitude is going to be hard to talk. All what he said Zelensky talked to home.  Not to americans, not for peace, but for the countinous war...
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Railroaded.
Zelensky Thanking twice <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=187">3:07Zelensky shaking his head after Trump saying that Ukraine is not going to need any security <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1272">21:12 Zelensky asking JD Vance if he has ever been to Ukraine with JD Vance saying he&#39;s seen it on video <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2555">42:35JD Vance asking &#39;have you even said thank you once&#39; <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2655">44:15Trump stating to Zelensky that he has done a lot of talking when Trump has dominated 90% of the meeting <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2682">44:42I think here we have a mixture of miscommunication, ignorance when it comes to understanding Ukraine&#39;s situation on the ground and underestimating Putin&#39;s actual objectives, and Trump&#39;s expectation that Zelensky will just sign the mineral&#39;s deal without any solid security guarantees.
who loses the war pays not who starts
American <a ="http:disrespect.support/">disrespect.support till d last ukranian.leson nb 1.never trust cowboys..bring back d land to d indians...rull nb2,kosovo is serbia.....a lot of politicians wear army <a ="http:costoms.so/???its">costoms.so???its so stupid and unfair,did u wear a suit sir???no.j left am on the battllefield,but j wear underwear...it was so important,hahaha,,,amarika is helping ryssia not to be beat on d front...good job..wath abouth last 3 years...get out from d balkans too,and take d califat with you...😊
<b>puff puff</b> 💨 🍃 yeaaahhh bro
There is more to this than meets the eye.
No other U.S president treated an ally like Trump did, Imagine FDR telling Churchill ;Make peace or you&#39;re on your own;  It was a huge embarrassment for the U.S
What pisses me off is nobody really has their own opinions anymore. Everyone just mirrors whatever their news source says as their firm belief even if its something they never knew anything about until 3 minutes ago. Like my coworker was calling zelenski a clown. So i asked why is he a clown? He had no answer. He got embarrassed and said oh i saw something on tv the other day but i forgot what it was. He didnt even realize he was just repeating whatever he hears. And ive been kinda seeing the same thing in comments all the time. Called z a clown or not a president. I can tell you right now hes more of a real humam being than most of our politicians are. I have actively searched for dirt on him trying to figure out why is he a clown? Whats so bad about him? I literally cant find anything. The only thing is he keeps asking for help and were all getting anoyyed giving out free help which is understandable but why are we hating on him for asking for help?. The other day one dude was like he is stealing from Americans😂. Im like wtf are you talkimg about. Everyone complaining about our hard earned tax dollars going there.. as if its really effecting you personally and coming out of your pockets. And as if any of you are ever aware of what they typically spend our tax money on. Regardless you have to pay x amount of taxes. We freaking print money. This whole thing is so stupid
Why would these world leaders have an important meeting set up like a shit show? They can&#39;t talk in private?? Trump (the U.S.) just wanted a ;show; to try and embarass Zelensky. If WW3 starts, it is totally  because of TRUMP. Dickhead Trump thinks he is a 1500&#39;s colonist, trying to rule the world.
@@Khasidon That&#39;s definitely true.
Deals that benefit you DUMBty&#39;s TRumpty
Total US Spending on UKraine - The Kiel Institute is a German-based think tank tracking support going into Ukraine. It calculated that the United States spent $119.7bn (£94.3bn) on aid between January 2022 and December 2024.  The US Department of Defense  - It says $182.8bn has been ;appropriated; - a figure that covers US military training in Europe and replenishment of US defence stocks.
at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2580">43:00 Zelensky smoked too much the previous night
All those that didn&#39;t vote to keep this disgusting little man-child out of office deserve everything that&#39;s coming...
Dignity = Suite 😂😂😂
In a nutshell Zelenskyy: Putin has broke ceasefires and went back on his word multiple times and cannot be trusted, so what would make this time different. JD: ……..
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
great equipment = trash ... a$$holes T&amp;V ... GG america ... when would you change your name into russian&#39;s dogs
...;speaking boastful words; .. Lincoln!  sheesh
Donald Trump the Best... He will make America Great Again... We don&#39;t need Europe and Ukraine... Europe nothing without USA
The Ukrainian (and Russian) word for suit is костюм, pronounced almost exactly like ;costume;. So yeah, a good line, but most likely also a consequence of translation.
HE IS A MARINE AND WAS IN THE IRAQK WAR
You said you&#39;d have it ended on day one😂. Same with food prices😮. You&#39;re an idiot TRumpty DUMBty. You and JDiptard
@@Pm3m_Dia I agree, then he should be clear that the deal is unacceptable and explain why.
Trump and Zelensky planned this together in order to trick Putin and Russian voters.  Putin desperately wants out of the war, but he can&#39;t appear weak in front of his people.  In order to help Putin, Trump is acting like he respects Putin and Russia.   The Russian people believed this act and loved this exchange.  Trump is much smarter than people give him credit for being.
720 resolution for the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF A FRIGGIN MERICA?! says a load ton
;Raw Earth for AI for The Mark of the Beast;, said The Little Horn!
Zelinsky should be nominated for best actor.  He belongs in Hollywood.   They&#39;ll keep him safe (from his own people).
Trump actually nudges/ gives Zelensky a push on the shoulder as he is raises his voice at him. This is garbage and no way to treat another nation’s president. JD vance blew this up with acting like a complete ass and raising his voice and then trump felt compelled to act like another tough guy too after being very calm and surprisingly polite the prior 40 minutes.
LIVE USA BULL SHIT. Gather up with your family and witness these fine Americans that do such a lame job :))I want to see what American can stand up now and say something good about USA and NOT get a shoe in the face :))
Good news<a =":/shorts/30R4U4DN0mY">:youtube.com/shorts/30R4U4DN0mY
What attack is Vance talking about? Did they have a sidebar that we did not see?  He needs to fill us in.
When Mencius first met King Hui of Liang, he sought to guide him toward righteousness rather than the mere pursuit of profit. He warned, ;If those above and below compete for gain, the state will inevitably fall.; These words, spoken centuries ago, still carry weight today.Trump and Vance, emboldened by the power of a great nation, seem intent on advancing their own interests at any cost. They turn a blind eye to facts, dismiss the broader currents of global affairs, and ignore the voices of ordinary people. Rather than engaging with smaller nations through respect and understanding, they attempt to strong-arm them into submission under the guise of righteousness. It is a troubling display—leaders who wield immense influence yet choose coercion over cooperation, force over fairness. They may believe they hold the reins of history, but history itself has a way of restoring balance, reminding us that true leadership is measured not by dominance, but by justice.
Zelensky looks more fit, younger and handsome than the ones in the suits.  Maybe they are jealous of his youthful good look.
As a European, i do not support Zelensky in any way! He plays the victim and ruins out economy. Ukraine is as corrupt as Russia
Shame on Trump, how he became president with this childish 😮
America always suppress the weak, and favor the strong. 😢😢
Hahahahaha Zelensky Cooked , Respect Mr.President !!!! Love &amp; Respect From ETHIOPIA .
Beggars can&#39;t be choosers indeed. Zelensky handled this poorly.
The clown who said, Why don’t you wear a suit? 🤡🤦‍♀️
From the beginning of the press conference, Zelensky&#39;s body language says it all. He&#39;s bothered and appears ready to pop. Trump begins composed and courteous. Throughout the press conference, whenever Trump talks about his dialogue with Putin, Zelensky either shakes his head or contradicts the idea that negotiation can work, unless Russia first pulls out its military (something which simply won&#39;t happen). It&#39;s clear that Z doesn&#39;t like what Trump is doing in regard to Russia. This running subtle tug-of-war goes on for the first 40 minutes or so. Then, Vance begins chiming in more and suggests that Z should be ;thanking the President for trying to bring an end to this conflict.; Should be ;thanking; instead of what? Instead of resisting the President&#39;s efforts to dialogue with Russia.Obviously, Z has thanked the USA very many times, but he&#39;s resisting the President&#39;s strategy to end the war rather than thanking him for doing so. It&#39;s frustrating how few people seem to be catching this important nuance in the conversation.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Trump and Vance are the epitome of profoundly arrogant narcissism.What an absolute clown show.
@@larkspur1517 we don&#39;t know how Zelenskyy was acting before the cameras started rolling he could have been being a prick
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=810">13:30 someone lost their job 📲📳
You explained this so well, thank you!
so the US president is being neutral mean while it was Putin who started the war first? what happened to ;this is communist, that is communist;? i dont trust these people at all
Notice Trump never answers Caitlin Collins questions about whos troops will be on the ground to protect these rare earth minerals he speaks of. He wont answer her but we all know someone needs to protect these very precious minerals. Will US troops be doing that? Trump wont answer.
@@lizabian1848look at the stats, quite a lot actually
Zelensky did that war just to scam 300 Billion USA tax dollars and become billionaire along with Biden, specially Hunter Biden. Zelensky killed his own people and distroyed his own country. He shall be prosecuted and jailed in Guantanamo for humanity crimes!
Such a rude begger!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Did Trump did a medical check? He seems suffering dementia.
💀💀
Great job, this video was very useful!
Zelensky was not very diplomatic. Probably very weary of the war. But there are definitely moments he could have played ot diplomatically..esp at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=861">14:21 when he could have said yes forthcomingly- Trump is on our side... Things went downhill then
Shouldn&#39;t have been televised.
Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian people exchanged lives of millions for US AND UE money , they use Europe and USA
CANT BELIEVE IT, the only reason for this war are RARE MATERIALS… they sacrified so many people only in order to get those raw materials.So many people died for lithium for iPhones etc. It is so lame …  and who is this boy on the coach? 😂trumps lover? 😂
😂😂😂😂
Right after Vance boasted about the US’s “diplomacy” did his and Trump’s anger tantrums start. Zelenskyy, on the other hand, was very diplomatic throughout…
​@@roterdachs zelensky is crazy trying to join NATO going against Russia
Little Zelensky wants to be seen as a war leader which is why he keeps wearing army gear but he isn&#39;t a soldier, he&#39;s just a clown and the only thing that he can shoot is his mouth.
Zelensky is a corrupt child who cares little for his people. He only wants money and USA is done giving it away like candy. Time to stop this nonsense.
But hey, at least that exposed what Trump and Vance&#39;s real intentions were.
Liar Zelenskyy , get out of USA .
if world war 3 does happen, trump will have to fork out a lot more than some security measures. i can respect him sticking to his guns and putting america first but it seems like zelenskyy knows what he wants and won&#39;t settle for less and, frankly, i can&#39;t blame him.
politics is just interes
Jd is a joke. That’s embarrassing
at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1920">32:00 this assumtion is bullsjit
Greetings to the St. Petersburg troll factory.
It was a meeting between a man without a suit and a suit without a man...
The ungrateful puppy!
can you get a life
@@jakobrasmussen1645 I would eventually like to see trump in front of a camera after all his crap presidency is over ( pity it couldn&#39;t happen before. He would not have even been in the government in Australia) and fill him with the truth serum(sodium pentathol I think or anything else they got that works) and make him spill the beans on every lie he has told. He has told so many, even in that meeting with Zelensky. He&#39;s a pathological liar and can&#39;t help it but it&#39;s for attention too. Black cat, black panther man. trump probably stopped a couple fights in the school yard as a kid and that&#39;s the wars he is talking about. trump really doesn&#39;t care about soldiers dying either no matter which country they are from by the way he has spoken about them being losers and they were US soldiers he spoke about.Even at Arlington Heights. Being a person from the 60s I just wonder if trump took a lot of acid way back then as his brain works like it&#39;s had lots of trips.
💖💖💖 Trump for ever 💖💖💖
Freedom of speech, yup folks here iin the UK locked up for FB post, however a UK politician walks the street after assaulting a citizen whilst on the ground 6 times
@@spudpony9708    that&#39;s a dumb comment. Maybe learn what gaslighting actually means first, and then after that you can learn that nothing is particular to America. Get off your ;I&#39;ll just say something negative about America, even though it makes zero sense, because I want to insult something to sound cool and smart but I&#39;m really lazy; bandwagon.
Zelensky is out of line, when he started attacking Vance, it went downhill really fast. Zelensky wants a military victory, and it is not going to happen. You have to get a ceasefire deal. Yes, Putin can violate it, then there has to be a big price to pay if he does violate it. You cannot militarily win against Russia; not without a world war, and there is no need to.
Zelensky wants them to bash Putin which is a HORRIBLE move
Sadly! This meeting needed more effort and involves more skills and  diplomacy to prepared.
If you watch this entire video. JD Vance really blows this whole thing up. It is kept really civil and respectful until JD Vance is just completely out of line.
If you vote a joker as president your country will definitely go for war. People want to see USSR
Great video.
Zelensky acted more like a leader than Trump. However, when it comes to freedom of speech that doesn’t exist when dealing with a child like Trump. Being truthful about Putin and not bashing falsely Biden? That doesn’t work well with someone like Trump.
Russian Jew. Says it all!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1051">17:31
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Mr Zelenskyy came to the White House dressed inappropriately, his body language spoke very loud and his speech was DISRESPECTFUL to our President!  STOP THIS WAR!!America has been a tremendous ally to Ukraine!
Trump had it under control. JD started aggression. The European president hates Putin so much he wants Trump to bash Putin while asking Putin to make a deal smh!!!! I think JD ruined the vibes
Better than dipsh*t Biden that never even spoke to Putin and just handed over OUR money   Zelensky has so much pride he doesn’t want the war to stop. He’s LOSING btw
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1995">33:15 Zelensky interrupts again saying Ukranian cities still live and counterdictinf Trump
Excellent - just one minor correction. Great Britain did invade us during the war of 1812.
It’s called business
Wtf is going on… it was going decent and then jd opened his mouth. This is wild.
Can anyone tell me at what point did Zelensky disrespect them?
The world&#39;s crazy rn bro
You don’t have cards. He replied I am not playing cards. I am talking serious lol😅.  On serious note it was language barrier and lack of English skills that Zelenskyy could not express himself well. He had valid concerns that he has not seen any action since 2014. But yes he should be humble. Beggars can’t be choosers.
You explained this so well, thank you!
America is the evil of the world , look the arrogance that American people have , from the president and this vince shit . God bless the Ukraine and the people there . Slava Ukraine 🇦🇱🇺🇦
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1920">32:00 min Zelensky goes to explain that the Atlantic is not as big and if left alone Russia will attack the Baltics and then US soldiers will have to fight on that ground
I voted Trump. Still, this is outrageous. Zelenskyy did not deserve this kind of humiliating treatment. What a shameful spectacle.
TRUMP🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
Washington&#39;s list of claims against Zelensky continues to expand. Now he is also accused of murdering American journalist Gonzalo Lira. Zelensky and Europe killed this American journalist because Gonzalo Lira wanted to convey the whole truth to America. Don&#39;t trust the Ukrainian president Zelensky is lying to the whole world
دول بلطجية يابا
Did you guys notice that should tap of JD at the end?That was something else😮
No. Go back and look that the situation entirely.  This is supposed to be a ceremonial signing of a mineral rights agreement.  That&#39;s why the cameras are there and parts of congress.  Its not a litigation meeting.   Zelinksy was looking for his moment to make a protest scene in front of the cameras.  The guy is an actor so he knows the value of PR.  He just used what JD Vance said as his in-road to start his protest.  JD is an easy target because he is just the Vice President and it looks better if he doesn&#39;t go after Trump immediately.  He knows very well Trump is going to jump in and make a scene.   The banter exchange you saw should have already taken place before the deal was struck.  It was all for the cameras.
Trump cannot say that Zelensky is being rude to him.    Zelensky has shown respect to Trump several times, but respect does not mean obedience. Ukraine does not have to please the USA or show its thanks in any special way.    America is the strongest country now not because it has special achievements, but because it was simply lucky. In World War II, Europe was destroyed, the Soviet Union lost tens of millions of people, and the USA, which is surrounded by ;nice oceans;, easily made money. This gave them a chance to get ahead of everyone and look down on other countries while they recovered.    Ukraine is forced to fight not because it wants to, but because its location makes it a victim. If it were not Ukraine, there would be another country that Russia would try to control (Moldova, Georgia, Chechnya). Trying to calm an aggressor means simply giving the country to others, and then losing it.    This talk is nothing more than a waste of American taxpayers’ money and a way for one politician to make himself feel important. It does not solve real problems and makes him seem important, while his decisions will be forgotten and can be ignored by Russia in 4 years.    This could have been a normal negotiation with real promises (unlike the Budapest Memorandum, the Minsk Agreements, Article 353 of the Russian Criminal Code, and Article 79 of the Russian Constitution), but in the end, it only took Zelensky’s time with accusations that he could have used to deal with more important military issues.
JD should have kept his mouth shut. Things were going fine until he opened his mouth
No, Zelenskyy wants peace. The problem is that peace under the terms Trump has already given up to Putin isn&#39;t peace. It is going to be Europe in pieces. That is a fact, based on Putin&#39;s action, goals, and desires. It is Trump, by his actions and honor of Putin, a known thug with large territorial dreams that is bringing us closer to WWIII. So I ask you, why would you risk WWIII when you can avoid it by opposing tyranny? Putin&#39;s forces are having a lot of trouble attempting to defeat Ukraine, and that is with all the help that the Republicans gave him by cutting funding and starving the Ukrainians of necessary arms to defend their country. BTW, you look way too young to remember the Cold War. Russia has been rattling the nuclear saber, and actual sabers forever. Some of us learned, wisely, to ignore ;the rhetorical speeches of the Soviets;. Putin is, in the end, a coldly rational creep who knows that one use of a nuclear weapon wonder end him. The Soviets long feared we would actually even try a first strike. We thought they would. MAD was not actually mad. Not standing up to Putin by letting him have what he wants just encourages him. Providing Ukraine what it needs to defeat Putin&#39;s war machine doesn&#39;t escalate the conflict. It contains and removes it. Putin will stop only when he is forced to stop. All of this is Putin&#39;s fault. Ukraine didn&#39;t invade Russia and neither did anyone else in the West since the Nazis. Putin has been interfering in the internal affairs of many countries for decades, literally getting away with murder. Trump isn&#39;t being Strong. He is being weak, like Mussolini attempting to grab up the spoils by honoring Hitler. Putin&#39;s territorial goals are like a Hitler, and the way all Russian monarchs have treated the people of defeated lands has been as virtual slaves. Actually, long ago, they really were slaves. They called them serfs. In the case of Ukraine, the Russians just killed them,  or starved them, or took them off to the Gulags. That is ;realistic;.
Zelensky is saying that ceasefire and dimplomacy are useless against Puting by providing SEVERAL examples, but they just do not want to admit that🤦
A absolute disgrace the way Trump and the VP carefully orchestrated this ambush of another President who is desperately trying to save millions of ppl! If Trump is the great negotiator he states why did he need a back up ( the VP), I’m embarrassed and truly disappointed and disgusted by the whole Circus 🤡 !
Language issue. Zelenskyy could express his concerns. He is saying that cease fire should also be done from Putin
Zelensky wants to see his people die
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Youth and through 😅 this baby 👶 leader
Hats off to Zelenskyy from India❤
Putin is a killer and a terrorist. He is absolutely correct. Being honest is not a sign of disrespect.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
@<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2981">49:41 gentle tapping was so sweet 😂
Give Zelensky 💩💩💩💩💩💩
President Trump it&#39;s fine, but someone from his close surroundings it&#39;s working against him unfortunately... It looks like he is starting his campaign for president
Zelensky stupid no 1 in the world
Trying to extort natural resources from the Ukraine is what I get out of this.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1620">27:00 min Zelensky says Russia should pay reparations and could start with 300 billion usd assets in Europe
The rest of the world doesn&#39;t live in the MAGA-verse, the rest of the world lives in reality, and they&#39;re just seeing a bully picking on someone whose country has been invaded.
Zelinsky is in a fantasy world...
Cocaine played a big part in this interview.
So let me get this straight.  The U.S. was The perpetrator behind the 2014 coup via Victoria Nuland. Then the government of the Ukraine sent troops trained by the U.S. to their Eastern provinces   to begin shelling ethnic Russians &amp; Ukrainians. The Minsk Accords, among other things, was to create a cease fire. Angela Merkel was the one who spilled the beans that the Minsk Accords were just a diversion to build up NATO forces and use the Ukrainians to spearhead an offensive against Russia and to overthrow Putin. By the way, J.D. Vance was the one who started the argument at the end. Earlier he was all about freedom of speech, and yet he got tired of what Zelensky had to say, accused him of not being grateful to America, raised his voice and attacked Zelensky, which opened the opportunity for Trump to become bellicose. What about Zelensky&#39;s freedom to speak his opinions? They could have disagreed without raising their voices. They just didn&#39;t like the words coming out of Zelensky&#39;s mouth. Trump went on describing himself as a victim of the previous administration&#39;s attempt to get rid of him...one way or the other. He carries that victim mentality. Putin will eat him up alive during negotiations and spit him out. Trump revealed his achilles heel. We need some very rational negotiators who understand that all wars from here on in are resource wars, and understand the Russian rationale. The U.S. government actors want to dig themselves out of 35 - 70 T. debt using resource rich countries like Ukraine.
where can I find the document they talk about?
Trump will become one of the greatest President - he loves this country.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
47 and v have no ethics. Narcissistic turds
His attire is unprofessional, and quite disrespectful meeting to our president. That seems like he either doesnt care who he disrespects or maybe he doesn’t have the ability in this high ranking position.
So narcissistic, Me-me-me-me....Good God! What an embarrassment for the US!!!
I think Pres. Trump didn&#39;t know how to express or pick a better word than &#39;&#39;hatred&#39;&#39;, that was the word that made Mr. Zele. trip and become more aggressive.
Yeah, but everyone is tired of Zelensky&#39;s bitchy tone. I&#39;d rather listen to Trump explaining why Ukraine doesn&#39;t get any more money, arms or ammo. If Zelensky can&#39;t come up with some way to end the war, then its just him begging for more money like he&#39;s done for the last 3 years.
When you are in audience with Don Carleone....that&#39;s the character, albeit fictional,  that Trumpster should compare himself to.
Thank you, America, for voting J.D. Vance. He is a bully
🤡
It would be great if he could provide us some accurate accountability… like how did you use the money that was sent over there. Help us understand how this war is more important than helping our own country. It’s so strange to me that no one is asking this man what did he do with all the money he was already given ?
As an American,  I bow my head in shame because of this administration
Perhaps this is the true face of you Americans who are really taking advantage of the situation. This time, everyone in the world has been awakened to see your true face. You are just as evil as some people.
Putin is laughing at you, baby Trump
Journalists and Senators of the US have disrespected Zlensky and Ukraine
Human without suit, suit without human
Vance needs to get put in the Ukraine to see first hand. He has no clue as to what he&#39;s saying about the war.
At <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2397">39:57, JD Vance interjected and set the whole thing off. He starts off by bad- mouthing Joe Biden. Big mistake.
I hate Putin! To squander human resources like this.
Humans are not robots, they forget things, it’s normal.
Dumb move by Zelensky. He talked too much.
Trump wants to strip mine the conflict border of Ukraine, European troops to patrol the area, making it a DMZ stopping fighting between Ukraine and Russia, acting like an ally shield and put US independent contractors in the DMZ, get back financial aid losses from Biden, create trade package with Putin as well, allow Russia to hold the areas near Crimea and time to get back into the green with money situation and army in Russia, Zelensky wont take that deal in whole but if given Nato membership would allow areas like Crimea to return to Russia if they choose to.
The Trump administration has not mentioned the Budapest Memorandum at all. All it has on its mind is business, and it is trampling on America&#39;s commitments to the world.
he Zelensky says he wants to stop the war and when the Russians came to Turkey to sign documents to stop the war and this same President Zelensky refused not to sign any documents not to talk to the Russians he himself is to blame he refused to sign documents. and now they complain to the Trump how he lies and how he is not ashamed. President Trump said correctly this Zelensky he is nobody, then the Russians did not enter Ukraine in 2014 Ukrainians and President Poroshenko he killed civilians Ukraine Donetsk and Lugansk regions why they killed civilians and it turns out that Russians lived there, this news was from the side of the American journalist and when the Ukrainians found out American journalists are filming the whole truth and then when Zelensky came to power and killed the American journalist all this political from Ukrain  so don&#39;t believe Zelensky he says Putin stole children from Ukraine and he changed their name surname they are not from Ukraine they turn out to be from Donetsk and Lugansk regions and no one changed the name surname this is the truth an American journalist showed. this is all Joyce&#39;s policy Biden and the Europeans wanted a war with Russia to use Ukrainian lands President Trump does not want a third world war and he does not want to fight with Russia and he wants peace and to live on PEACEFULLY
He gave the Trump administration the middle finger. Ukraine will be a parking lot by the summer.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2400">40:00
Perhaps this is the true face of your beauty who is really taking advantage of the situation. This time, everyone in the world has been awakened to see your true face, which is as evil as the CCP.
Does Amazon sell a book called “History for Dummies?” Send one to JD Vance; Ukraine is oppressed always from the Oppressor… did you know that Stalin force famine on the Ukraine and more than 3 million died back during 1930’s?? Is called genocide. Why? because the mission is… control, power, greed, hate……ALL that democracy stands against. The USA is the only country in the world that is made of ALL NATIONS but yet we all live life with HARMONY, freedom and liberty….is a blessing to have this ….so support to allies is so important because if not …. UKRAINE,   Then who is the next country to be oppressed???
That guy at the minit <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2635">43:55 was provocative and not helthy in the hed .All went good untill he provoked the presidents ! Take out the unstable mind as thay guy , couse he damaged everything !
I really hate Donald Trump 🤡🤡🤡
Loved the content, keep it coming!
@@jonathanvales4635 Perhaps this is the true face of you US who are really taking advantage of the situation. This time, everyone in the world has been awakened to see your true face, which is as evil as the CCP.
Zelenskyy is gangster, he told VP stop kissing trumps ass
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
What does Marco say right before Trump says ;We&#39;ll see I don&#39;t know?; right at the end of video?
If I was trump I would let Ukraine and Europe get on with it .
is it a pity -regardless of any theory about a &#39;set-up&#39; - to see that this negotiation missed an articulation of &#39;interest&#39; and &#39;value&#39;. Zelensky&#39;s interest is &#39;security guarantee&#39;, Trump&#39;s is &#39;a deal&#39;. and their underlying values are: &#39;peace means safety &#39; and &#39;peace means profit - monetary and humanitarian&#39;. both are legitimate goals. this is what I learnt from negotiators. not using this as a &#39;road map&#39; means getting lost in the woods.. maybe they will have another chance...
@ Perhaps this is the true face of you US who are really taking advantage of the situation. This time, everyone in the world has been awakened to see your true face, which is as evil as the CCP.
Calling Putin an opportunist instead of an dictator and killer is just wrong. Putin doesn&#39;t need public support to invade a country at all. He simply kills and imprisons the people against him, because he is a dictator. The UdSSR was a regime too. He wants the power back.
What cities have been bombed killing civilians and innocent children in russia? Ukraine has been bombed, losing hospitals, churches, schools, and so many innocent people. How can you blame Zelensky for starting the war?!?!?😡🤬
Perhaps this is the true face of you Americans who are really taking advantage of the situation. This time, everyone in the world has been awakened to see your true face, which is as evil as the CCP.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=840">14:00 min Zelensky interrupts again
The people of Ukraine counting and trusting President Zelensky to fix this. Under allot of pressure. President Zelensky is talking to the right guy.
What is “raw earth”? Does he mean metal ores?
This is classic imperialism right. Wave tariffs in the face of everyone to bolster the resource and manufacturing industries of their own country, but instead of actually cooperating and aiding other countries for their resources, they prey on vulnerable nations to indent THEMSELVES in overseas territories to manipulate and eventually take over. This is the modern day Phillipines war beginning in front of our eyes.
What are the reasons you anticipating Ukraine is losing the war?
Yep other countrys are sending troops trump is sending workers to dig dig dig to make great products....wtf
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
<a =":youtube.com/@mattyb4247?si=pMGWdrd7QVgYrOx5">:youtube.com/@mattyb4247?si=pMGWdrd7QVgYrOx5
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=720">12:00 min first dispute… Zelensky says Europe has not given much less than US
Zelensky is a dictator?
Did I hear correctly. Stupid president 😂
Zelensky clearly began by expressing gratitude and made it evident that he wants this war to end.Zelensky simply asked a logical and intelligent question. Given that diplomacy hasn’t worked in the past, how would it work this time? It was a fair and reasonable question. However, I genuinely believe JD Vance didn’t know how to respond, so instead of addressing the question, he deflected by attacking Zelensky, accusing him of being disrespectful and criticizing the administration.I also didn’t like Trump’s posture toward Zelensky. I agree that he was right to correct Zelensky when he mentioned that America would feel the consequences of a ;bad ocean; in the future, as that remark was unnecessary. However, Trump should have limited his correction to that point and should have kept the conversation calm and answered Zelensky’s question, as Zelensky, being the president of a country under attack, has every right to understand how the U.S. believes its proposed solution will succeed.Instead, Trump also attacked Zelensky, echoing JD Vance’s accusations of disrespect. The meeting had been going so well until the Vice President and the President disrupted it. I felt genuinely sad for Zelensky because, by the end, he was completely shut down, he didn’t get another word in, and no one stood up for him or corrected what had happened..
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Did you all miss the part about the threat of nuclear annihilation Is on the table.  ???? Obviously you all did
This is why we’re upset with this man. He has more things better to do and more important than to be dressed, right what’s more important trying to get money and protect from the United States and then you stop the present and wanna talk you wanna take over it’s not true. It’s not your gift. You’re in our country trying to get stuff from us. You’re in our home and you’re doing it your way you have more important things gonna leavelast time. I checked if you want something from someone you’re gonna at least act as if you wanted.
This was always going to be a circus hence why it was done in front of cameras. The yanks made this problem by bringing as many into nati as possible and every time setting armies on borders they encouraged ukraine to join well before 2014 they talk about ceasefires but look at iraq ans Afghanistan their nothig more than warmongers they say about the weapons they sent but some these have a use by date and shit thats been there for years and they are also using ukraine to test their weapons as they know china still want Taiwan yanks caused this
This is why we’re upset with this man. He has more things better to do and more important than to be dressed, right what’s more important trying to get money and protect from the United States and then you stop the present and wanna talk you wanna take over it’s not true. It’s not your gift. You’re in our country trying to get stuff from us. You’re in our home and you’re doing it your way you have more important things gonna leavelast time. I checked if you want something from someone you’re gonna at least act as if you wanted.
@@PostalFerretWithRum yeah u bots are programmed for paying attention to reg dates. lmao pathetic
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=720">12:00
This 47 is delusional. He is terrible.  The whole world knows that russia invaded the Ukraine. 47 and putting want the uranium that is one of the Ukraine&#39;s natural resources.
it&#39;s all went doen when vance open his mouth before using his head
Where did they find these journalists?? Most of them were asking the dumbest questions…What historical figure do you vibe with? Who cares!
Zelenskyy acted upset from the beginning. His facial expressions say he doesn’t believe anything Trump says. He shouldn’t be disrespectful though.
I think President Zelensky is trying to explain something he wants people to understand but his English is off so the right words are hard for him to say because his English is off. President Zelensky needs the right to explain himself Might just be important. 😊
Ans How American came on that&#39;s oils and gas!? Yes they stole it!
Trump oh my GOD should be nowhere near anything to do with deciding fate of a single person let alone billions
Zelen disrespect the whole US administration from 2014 in the White house, and American still defend him, diabolical. It&#39;s like someone talk shit to your family, and you thank them so much :))
In modern politics this savage for another nation. (It&#39;s just luck or what this not going to war)😂😂😂
JD&#39;s comment was so meaningless. He wasn&#39;t even been disrespectful,  zelensky was just asking a diplomatic counter question when JD himself talked about diplomacy.
<i>ICT🌆7PM Mar 2nd 2025</i>
Trump- How’s this for Security…. Security is Eeasyy,.. Hey!!! Everybody Stop shooting Gawddamnit!!!😂😂 Donald ‘The Judge’ Trump is a Beast
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
More like reanimated Jerry Springer 😂
This Zelensky guy is all abouy money
This was very informative, appreciate it.
You didn&#39;t tell my girlfriend how pretty she looks, how dare you!!! Say she&#39;s pretty! Say it! SAY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!Awwe, thank you baby 😘👄👅
I am laughing so bad on that question about suit. lol😅
Still pretending he&#39;s the president
Bro, America needs nothing from you. Go home
Look how the body language of zelensky changes. He becomes first cocky to the other guy. Starts at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2533">42:13 and then he became Trumps dog, look how his body language changed to this at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2602">43:22 it Beginns to break down and in <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2610">43:30 he makes the good dog position 😂😂😂
JD&#39;s oversmartness is the reason to this argument.
Wow, what a fool you are. ;...the U.S. win his war for him;. I guess you think the Ukrainians aren&#39;t doing the fighting? By any chance, were your ancestors on the side of the British during the American Revolution, if they were even in the Colonies at that time. France actually had ;boots on the ground; in our war for independence. Guess you believe in the sentiment, ;go ahead and cheat a friend.;Or maybe one of your more recent ancestors thought Chamberlain was right. Lindbergh was right to support Hitler. Joe Kennedy was right when he wanted Churchill out so a peace could be made with Hitler because Joe Kennedy, who was also clueless, thought Hitler&#39;s forces were going to be storming the beaches of the east coast of Britain. Never mind that Britain&#39;s navy would have ;Trump is too realistic to attempt that.;  You really believe that is realistic, rather that cowardly, venal, and just wanting to suck up to Putin, his buddy. As an old Cold Warrior; I resent the absurd implication that only lefty&#39;s would support Ukraine wanting to be free of Russia, a country that was COMMUNIST. It&#39;s not a leftist concept to defend a democracy, a state that wishes to be free and independent, but it does take a supporter of dictators of any stripe, communist, fascist, or imperial to think capitulating to and making someone who represents their country to capitulate to a dictator. Said dictator that is actually having a lot of trouble defeating a nation that has been being starved for necessary munitions to fight a war due to ;realistic; Republicans in the US Congress because they are cowards, using as an excuse that it is too costly.  That cost basis, like this was just a cold business decision without serious ramifications that will make that bottom line look really bad later, yeah, that is just being realistic. So give Putin whatever he wants, insult and bully the actual victims into accepting occupation, likely death and certainly a form of slavery is being ;realistic;.  You are so suckered by that sucker who is a sucker enough to believe Putin will actually honor an agreement. Putin breaks agreements. He kills political opponents. His military is pathetic. Yet the realistic move is to blame the actual victims and honor the dictator thug who murders thousands of people, invades any nearby state he can get away with and interferes with elections in numerous other countries. But then I guess you probably believe Putin, too.
I STOPPED WARS THAT NOBODY EVER HEARD ABOUT 😭😭😭😭
so vance ignited it
No body respects you Trump.  The world thinks America is in the biggest reality show of all time.  We tune in to see what crazy things will come out of your deluded mind.
Trump und sein Kabinet des Grauens sollen sich schämen, auf diesem mutigem Mann herumzutrampeln, dessen Land sich heldenhaft wehrt und die Unterstützung der freien Welt dringend braucht!. Die Verbrüderung mit den russischen Mördern und Putler ist ein Schlag ins Gesicht für alle freiheitsliebenden und gerechten Menschen. Trump und Co. provozieren zusammen  mit der Mörderbande aus dem Kreml den 3 Weltkrieg. Pfui Teufel. Ich kann und will nicht glauben das die Mehrheit der Amerikaner diesen Psychopathen gewählt haben.
Why can&#39;t any journalists ask JD Vance about the eyelines he uses? Then we could see who would laugh...
that orange head is traitor who completely change the personality of him after got what he want loser always be the loser blonde orange head
A hillie billy talking about diplomacy and ruins everything
@ Typically respect is a mutual thing. And if one doesn&#39;t show respect why should the other? Also I don&#39;t see where and how they failed. They were nice until Z started to spew nonsence about ceasefire. The ceasefire deal was sabotaged by the europeans, ask Merkel.
;a lot of questions; - Boy eyeliner boy sure knows a lot about war with his rhetorical questions.This new season of the Apprentice is terrible; the old man should retire and they should bring back Omorosa for some color to the white man room.
@@Dunny16 what a pathetic response.  He says thank you on at least another two occasions in the entire video. You’re just upset that there’s blatant evidence against what you want to believe. Big thank you small thank you who cares he says thank you on so many occasions, including this one.
This is a tragic moment in world history. I&#39;m terrified by the consequences.
He is very well aware of that or this talk would have gotten very ugly. The problem is the fact that the deal Trump tries to make is absolutely unacceptable for Ukraine.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
What a shame for America
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
JD Vance should be sacked for his incompetence in this interview.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
All I saw was Trump talking about how Biden wasrubbish and how he is amazing..seeeh...Trump?? What about Ukraine???
First 40 minutes were not that bad, how did it derail so quickly after <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2468">41:08 ... :| It&#39;s like Vance just turned on his adjenda....
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1154">19:14 another “thank you” but to the reporter.
Ukarine had put their ego asides over the last 10 years, it does not work
This is a good interview
@@CristianoUwaka I watched the whole thing and I saw a man who is in total denial that he’s lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Zelenskyy refused to sign 50% with Vance and then lost the opportunity to sign 50% with Trump so perhaps he&#39;ll sign over 60% with Marco Rubio.
Trump is an embarrassment to our country.
To all Americans who voted this idiot in to presidency who reckons he’s the hero who will save the world, utter bullsh*t of a man. Making a mockery of your country. He’s for himself and only himself. He’ll be the one who causes another world war. He wants to make money so wants to rinse and destroy a country who is already under attack and suffering. Zelensky has always thanked and shown gratitude. Whilst your vice president and president take the piss out of the man trying to hold his country together. What a stupid question about his clothes Brian! The man is representing his country which is under attack, I think the last thing on his mind is what colour suit and tie he’s going to wear. Well done America for voting a moron into power! Shame on you!
@Veroniq12 I thought beetroot meant ;machinations /presence of Russians;, usually in English in such a sentence it would be translated exactly like this
47.30 trump thinks that Putin respects him but not biden and obama. And thats the big mistake he is making. Putin does not respect anybody.He is just damn good at manipulating people he needs to get himself out of trouble. And than he is going to shift that blame over to all the enemies he had to hurt them as much as possible. This will be a mess until Putin is dead.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
;You are really talented; you play a great role in this prestigious theater.;
Shut up JD!  The meeting was going along fine until you opened your fat mouth spewing that immature nonsense.
<a ="UCkszU2WH9gy1mb0dV-11UJg/YvgfY-LIBpjChgHKyYCQBg">
You would think that Mr Trump is a smart guy but after watching this OMG He just talks about the money, and this J.D Pants idiot is so arrogant you can see in his eyes the he doesn&#39;t care about anyone especially Ukraine, they just want Ukrainian resurses, and they want Europe to pay protection but they don&#39;t do nothing when we are attacked,And giving them the money it&#39;s like suporting a School bully and paying him to go to Jim so he can become much stronger.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
What deal? A ceasfire for 2 years and then the Second invasion of Ukraine? The US isn&#39;t willing to guarantee them, so Russia won&#39;t be detered what so ever.
@ I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
I know right? why nobody point out this? Everyone in this comment section and instagram just commenting on how Trump bad at diplomacy, while he want peope being killed.
Hello everyone I watched this news, I am not Russian and not Ukrainian. I understood Zelensky, he is lying, he is not telling the truth, he is lying and also lied to the French and Europeans, and if he says that he really wants to stop the war, he would immediately tell President Trump, let&#39;s leave this war and that&#39;s it, and they, the Americans, would help stop the war. But he just sits and lies to Trump, and Zelensky wants the Americans to fight with Russia, and Zelensky is a stupid person who will lie to everyone, he wants a third world war, that’s why he doesn’t believe Zelensky, he just wants war.
Americans are the perfect combination of Funny and stupid.
Rich people are thinking only on money and business...God bless Ukraine
This is not a GENUINE conversation. Trust me.
Trump: ;We want all your raw earth in exchange of a ceased fire, that, will be broken the minute after we robbed you of all your resources; Zelensky: ;yes but we want garanties;Trump: ;you should be thankful;
Vance is full of S**T at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2160">36:00 - <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2193">36:33 of this video he goes on to say ;how really important  it is for Americans to have the right  to speak their mind even if  we in this room you don&#39;t agree with them and they will vigorously defend that right; and yet they refuse to let Zelensky speak his mind at this meeting? What&#39;s going on there? HYPOCRITES!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Trump Administration😈🇺🇲
The show must go on.
Hmmm, I always knew the who has the real interest in this war , is anyone seeing it like me ? There is no way you can push Ukraine to ceasefire, what about Russia ? Zelensky is such respectful man , I love the way he has managed this interview, very disrespectful Americans 😡
PRAY FOR UKRAINE. Having to deal with people as stupid as Trump and Vance means that WW3 has never been closer because of the stupidity of the American office
@ I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
@Капибара-ы2з  In Polish, ;burak; translates to ;beet,; specifically referring to the vegetable. However, it is also used colloquially as a way to describe someone as a ;rube; or ;hick,; implying that they are unsophisticated or lacking in social grace, rude, uneducated or simply living in the narrative of fake propaganda.
THE FIRST THING OUT OF ZELENSKY’S MOUTH IS THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP.This reporter bullying him about not wearing a suit. And them all laughing at him including JD Vance as he laughs directly at him (seen in another camera angle video)
Trumps an idiot, Vance is a pig and so are the rest. This gets more shocking each time I watch it. Trump is aligned with Russia!
Thank you for the invitation but never mentioned thank you for 350 billion dollars in contributions from the US
@sergeyp8574 Actually, how it works typically is the hist treats the guest with respect. Trump and Vance failed to do this.
@@CristianoUwaka  I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Zelenskyy was told to bring a peace deal. All he brought was his open hand expecting another handout.
Trump is very clear, cultured and reasonable, Zelensky&#39;s behavior is irritating and inappropriate.
@@CristianoUwaka I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and no we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
I love this fresh untouched lives TV. Trump dare to live this to the whole world. European and Ukrain broke the promised by not any expanding NATO more but the broke it. So Russian need to protect themselves. Behind that because bidder&#39;s son traded weapons with weapons companies and they want mass up and war, so Biddens families and son would gain billions by putting all taxs of all American that suppose to spending for Americans into weapons companies and send to Ukraine, So Biddens side thought that Biddens is just a business man don&#39;t have ability and that non surprise that behind all Trumps assassination Biddens,his son&#39;s and his supporters who will lost big profits including Zelenzky want and trying to kill Trump. God save Mr Trump and his great team.
Kudos to Trump and Vance for putting this clown in his rightful place. Zelensky likes to act tough riding on the power and influence of others. He can continue fighting with his own money. Thanks to president Trump for fulfiling an election promise. American money belongs to Americans, not to Ukraine. This is not our war.
Ukrainians voted for a comedian and got a hero.Americans voted for a hero and got a joke.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2395">39:55 Trump wants a cease fire  so he can go in and get the precious earth and talk about security later.Zelinsky wants a cease fire with security because Russia has beoken the terms of a cease fire 25 times. Russia agrees to a cease fire and then goes back on their word. President Zelinsky does want to sign anything without the guarantee of security and Zelinsky said bad things about President Trumps Dictator buddy - so no deal ....
@@CristianoUwaka I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and by not signing the deal. Instead he’s just complaining. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy’s war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=456">7:36 “I wanted to show you this and um this so thank you very much”
Trump: You don&#39;t dictate how we feel!!!Also Trump: Now be grateful for us! You don&#39;t have the cards!This is all that America is doing? Playing card and power games at the expense of others who are going through war?? US egos seem to be as vulnerable as elementary school children...
🎉
Love trump man… my GUY”
Very nice play.
Zelensky needs to learn negotiating and diplomatic skills. Is this the first time he is meeting Trump? Unfortunately if you are a President, you need to put your ego aside for the sake of your people. That is if he wants a deal.
Putin did a bad thing invading Ukraine but there was armed conflict in Ukraine before that. Ukraine is not completely absent of any responsibility for this conflict. Putin is an opportunist and he saw an opportunity to invade Ukraine because he could generate public support. Why was he able to generate that public support? Why did the USSR collapse? The Russian people felt wronged. The world is a complicated place &amp; US citizens are clueless to its complexities which is why they are easily propagandized.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
The American people actually voted for this guy to represent them. Wild!
He is thinking about his people and he is the one in the war. Don&#39;t you think he knows that trump and putin are really about money and land and any signing of a rare earth deal would have been wrong at this time. Try and use your computer and see what Russia has done while Putin has been in control against Ukraine and while you are at it go back to 2006 and see what trump has been doing to people before politics. trump and Vance were rude to a guest in the US government&#39;s house. Zelensky said thank you many times but he knows he was sitting next to a convicted criminal and rapist and a habitual liar and facts are there to see.
Trump&#39;s main wishes were about minerals, or resources to be traded. Not nearly enough to do with anything related to the war. Personally, I wish Putin were there in the same room. I&#39;d be curious to see what happened. Not sure how much Trump would have to do with it.
@@misterjameswest all the US support has been from from Biden and not Trump or his MAGA republican Congress cult members. How many times has the republicans tried to stop support for Ukraine because Trump wanted it stopped?!? Zelenskyy thanked many times, but this wasn&#39;t good enough. Go ahead and tell me you LOVE communism without telling me by supporting Trump. The right called democrats marxists, socialists, communists, and worst and yet you blindly back a felon who doesn&#39;t give a crap about defending a democratic country who&#39;s fighting for it&#39;s right to EXIST. Seems to me that all you Trumpers are actually aligning with communist beliefs and a communist dictator who has Trump in his pocket. Knock the sand out of mangina and reflect on what I said and either come to a realization or continue crying over how horrible Zelenskyy treated your dear leader, Trump.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2540">42:20 This is basically when it started and it was mostly JD&#39;s fault, this guy should not be in charge of anything, disrespecting Zelensky like that is not okay.
Wow, America really has fallen from grace.
@@CristianoUwaka I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
WHY they came? Ask him
Love it. Z will go down as one of the worst.
It&#39;s funny how the host acts so rude and disrespectful to the guests.
All that Trump wants is the raw earth. He doesn&#39;t give a shit about Ukraine citizens. He sees his opportunity to get his paws on it.
You had one question. You had one chance. We are on the verge of WW3 with Russia and Armageddon under the leadership of President Trump and you asked about a suit? Geez, good job. Give this idiot a raise
First thing in every meeting……turn off your phone
What’s a “posster”
Love our President!
Trump you must help Zelensky, I support Zelensky
@   I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Лично вчера заносил свёклу из Белоруси через аварийный выход, спасибо что заметили нашу работу
@ I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Zelensky looks high AF 😮‍💨😪🥴🤣
the first thing he said was thank you plus he&#39;s been in war for 3 years with his people dying everyday
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
The point is when they sign the agreement then Americans WILL be inside the Ukraine and Putin will be less likely to break the agreement? 🤔.  Prejudging and calling Putin during the run up will only put Putin’s back up. Trump has to look as though he isn’t favouring one side against the other. Zelenskyy badmouthing Putin and Trump is madness. For God’s sake after all the killing on both sides just try to stop the war.
Mostly Ukrainians and Ukrainian sympathizers are on this comment section. Can’t forget the robots either.
Great job, this video was very useful!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=188">3:08 “ thank you for the invitation”
When you respect people, don&#39;t think that if they don&#39;t wear a suit, they don&#39;t respect you, but think about how they came here in their mindset.
I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Zelensky spoke his mind the entire interview and as soon as Vice president said something trump changed his attitude. Not a big deal just thought that was weird after seeing the entire interview and not just the last 10 minutes
Żyjemy w ciekawych czasach. Biały Dom przestał być symbolem Ameryki i stał się miejscem przechowywania buraków.Chwała Ukrainie 🇺🇦❤
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=186">3:06 “ thank you so much, Mr. President”
@@CristianoUwaka I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
With what zelenski said does he really want to end the world
I voted for Trump 3x&#39;s.    But vance not very wise...
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great job, this video was very useful!
President Zelenski it&#39;s a hero, it is the only one in that room who has backbone. He stood like a hero in the front of those 2 bullies. It is not the clothes that make the man, but the man make  the clothes, reminds us that the true value of a person does not come from appearances, but from his character. Clothes can be impressive in the moment, but facts and attitude speak the most about who we really are. Bravo !  President Zelenski.
@@CristianoUwaka I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he&#39;s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone&#39;s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn&#39;t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren&#39;t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can&#39;t be choosers. Clown.
Great job, this video was very useful!
It&#39;s the only respectable thing in the whole 50 minutes.
Zelya was a guest and should have behaved as such
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Trump is above Vance so he shouldve stopped him when he said he was attacking the administration
When I saw this on the hour that it occurred, I knew then that this was a world changing event. Afterwards, I suspected that it was all political theater, but I think it’s going a little bit further. I suspect that Donald is expecting a response from the Europeans over the weekend or the next short while and then he’ll invite Zelinski back to the White House for a much more cordial visit and say in the end that he was just playing hardball to get a better deal from Ukraine and Russia. Art of the deal.
@@ernaaslan102 Зюганов буквально один из самых отбитых кандидатов, с социализмом он вообще никак не связан... Построит кучу новых церквей и начнёт ;реформы; по китайскому образцу
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=185">3:05 there is your ;Thank you;, JD, go and watch it on repeat 100 times if you need to hear it so much.
So much poison directed at Zelensky from trump and Vance instead of embracing  him and reinforcing their alliance, instead they choose to defend Putin? and regurgitate Putin&#39;s viewpoint?  I&#39;m beginning to wonder if TRUMP AND VANCE ARE RUSSIAN PLANTS?
He will sail off into the sunset with his billions while every man in his country is sent to the meat grinder.Vile little man.
Note at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2406">40:06 Vance admits Putin invaded Ukraine… when President Zelenskyy tried to explain how Putin cannot be trusted… Vance had no answer to the truth and that’s when it turned nasty.. disgraceful behaviour from Vance and then Trump switched to bully mode…. Talk about disrespectful… invite a guest to your home and then turn on them.. no courtesy …no decency… absolutely shameful behaviour from the USA
@@CristianoUwaka  I watch the whole thing and I saw a man who has essentially lost the war for his country coming to United States asking for help from the Trump administration not listening to the advice given to him by us and being dismissive. If he’s not going to accept the terms of the ceasefire then why did he waste everyone’s time and not sign the deal. He has no other options. United States isn’t going to give him more money for nothing in return and we aren’t going to escalate Zelenskyy war for him. Beggars can’t be choosers. Clown.
Muji trump
Trump en Vance, maffia chantage van de held Zelensky, die vecht voor een goede deal voor zijn land. Amerika de grootste demokratie is  met trump and gang hard op weg een autokratie te worden
@@adamc973 That&#39;s right. Many, much smaller, nations. Which when added up, have roughly the GDP and population of the US. A more comparable measure would be the amount from each EU nation and each US state.
Are these the leaders the Americans voted for??  🫢🫢😂
I think its failure of Trump  management that someone came with huge deal to sign with USA and USA could not capable to sign the deal ,And it would be the darkest day on the History of USA that his state guest leave back undine.Its seems that Ukrine came to US office and rejected the accepted deal because of US Management......any we can pray they must learn diplomacy and honor
Dear Zelensky,Next time, hire Boris Johnson as adviser and you both meet with president Trump. Boris and Donald are good friends and hopefully the result of the meeting will be the good one. 🤞🏻😉
Thank you for the great content!
Children with bombs.USA actually started this mess:<a =":/emD1cN2xEz4">:youtu.be/emD1cN2xEz4?si=VvkKEX94e4uGpzVX
We must realize in Europe we can&#39;t rely on the US anymore for anything. With this disgrace of a presidency at full display, it is evident it would be a huge mistake to ever trust the US to the extent we have in the past.
@roterdachs  Trump kept saying they were making a deal. Stop overreacting to the wordage. SADF
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
@@misterjameswest Oh you ;think; he said it? So you are deaf thats the problem maybe? But thats not Zeles problem xD It&#39;s literally 4 times in the first 10 minutes...learn your own language at least if you constantly refuse to learn new ones.Resistant to knowledge you are..
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
EU fooled zelensky for their selfishness and zelensky did not even understand that EU fooled himWhat was the benefit of this war?How many lives were lost and money was lost?
@@adamc973 Pr. capita many European nations give much more than the US.
Zelenski came out of that meeting In dispair I felt despair for him Trump disrespectful of a man who is voted by his people to represent them What  an insult to every Ukrainian Im flabbergasted Tossing him out unceremoniously before media meeting I&#39;m with US secretary Clearly know more than vice President and saying nothing
Zelensky will fight to the last ukrainian men, women and child. He will never say no to the money corrupted NATO gives them to keep this war against russia and the free world goingAfter all Nato build Isis and gave them everything they need to get so strong.  Now Nato needs to build the new Na*i state of Ukraine where they sell children and their organs and so on. After all Ukraine is one of the most corruptes countries in the world and all the corrupted people will stand behind them and their corruption. 💯%
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Zelenskyy is responsible for starting this war instead of considering the security concerns of neighbouring countries. He is a puppet in the hands of Left Eco system and not concerned with the lives of citizens of Ukraine .
People seem to forget that the guy in the top job is a convicted criminal and rapist and also has cost the US taxpayers $10.7 million dollars already for 10 days of trump golf playing at his own courses where he can bill accommodation and everything else for his entourage and security detail and people have said about his first term he made no money while in office, so it seems like that is a lie with 307 days playing golf and now he starts filling the T Organisation with government money while cutting everything he can to the bone. He is in office for the attention but more than that really to make money and he actually should be in jail and remains unaccountable yet for so many things. Probably some of you had relatives die because he waited 70 days to declare a National Emergency and actually had to be talked into it by advisors.  trump wants the rare earth minerals and can&#39;t even say the word properly, it&#39;s ;rare; not raw Donny. trump is actually doing the same things he did in business before politics and he caused people to take their lives because he ruined them with going back on deals and lawyering up and people lost their livelihoods. Bully all his life and he actually forgot he called Ukraine President a Dictator previously on camera and musket x tweet social rant and said he only had 4% rating in office but it&#39;s 57%. trump doesn&#39;t care about Ukraine. Ohhhh they let a Russian press person in the Oval office too, mmm how did he get in? Why they ask about a suit is stupid. He is in a state of war and a suit means nothing. The blame game will roll off Donny&#39;s lips and he will never do anything wrong but hopefully one day he will get the orange suit he deserves and Vance too. Funny how the set up assassination went out of the news quickly and Reagan&#39;s assassination attempt lasted for months. Zelensky didn&#39;t bow down to a criminal and the rest of the world agrees.
@@stanislavg.7903 Russian propaganda from a lying pig.   It is simple. Putin is a thug.   Minsk... No they weren&#39;t breaking Minsk, but your comrades did violate many agreements, meddling in Ukraine&#39;s internal affairs, and invading because when you couldn&#39;t keep your fascist thug in power when Ukraine wanted to join the EU. Putin tried again, and the Ukrainians still didn&#39;t want a dictator. So Putin sent his ;little green men;, lying  by saying they weren&#39;t Russian soldiers.   BTW, what Putin&#39;s Russia is is not any kind of democracy. He kills or imprisons anyone capable of opposing him. He is a cross between an Imperial Russian monarch and a fascist, a new Adolph Hitler, complete with the territorial goals.  Oh brother, Ukraine is very much a victim of Russia. Loving mother Russia, again. Ukraine, unlike that wacky and demented view of history Putin spits out about Ukraine and Europe. Like the demented idea that Poland started WWII because they didn&#39;t just capitulate to Hitler when Hitler told the Poles that he wanted to annex them. Ukraine and the West are not at fault for the invasions of Ukraine. That is all on Russia. Ukraine has fought against being any part of Russia for centuries. But Russia just won&#39;t leave them alone. This goes to the warped idea that you and your comrades have that NATO forced Poland and other of you former enslaved states join NATO. No, dear silly person. I&#39;m sorry, but they came running and screaming to join the EU and NATO. The EU and NATO wouldn&#39;t accept them for many years. They had to earn a place. No one in the West forced them to join. The thuggish way your country treated them made them happy to be out from under your yoke, which was just about the same as being under Nazi occupation. They wanted out so bad that East Germany, Hungary and Czechoslovakia all tried to break free. Your country was foolishly trusted after WWII to occupy Eastern Europe. Part of those agreements were that free and fair election were to be held regularly in the areas liberated from the Nazis. The Soviets promptly broke all such agreements. People hated being under your rule so much that they fled by the millions to areas under British, French or US control after the war. Then, as time went on, they continued to flee to the West so much your country caged them behind walls, barbed wire and guards with machine guns.  And that is what you want for Ukraine, provided you don&#39;t try to exterminate them all and erase Ukrainian culture, as Russia has tried to do for centuries. This idea of Western military bases in Ukraine is a Russian lie. The Ukrainians have military bases in Ukraine. They do not and did not want soldiers from other countries in Ukraine. But we have a saying in the English speaking countries, ;Be careful what you ask for, you just might get it;.   GO away with your lies.
The hands dude Zalenski is holding his tightly together Trump goes in with the good old spearhead like a king
That is the vice president who will defend the interests of American and the American tax payer. If you want to defend Ukraine go join the international legion and fight for them.
I know that zelensky is tired of meetings and not stop of war i see it in his faces he is tired
Vance has a bad spirit. If Trump could  get rid of Vance and Musk, he will be a great leader.
Why that newspaper don&#39;t ask Musk is he have a suite?
Came here to see if there was something earlier in the netting Zelenskyy did that war rude or ungrateful. Found nothing. Disgraceful display from the Americans kicked off by Vance
It&#39;s definitely gaslighting
The 🌎 is over.. .GOD HELP US ALL.🙏
We see how zelensky is doing is best to make this words heard here.vance is just making him sound bad but we all can see and hear everything
They’ve made Zelensky a billionaire: he will disappear with his riches now like a two bit hooker after getting paid.
<a =":/nllM1S_-NRE">:youtu.be/nllM1S_-NRE?si=b6uB6hkw5CbYmsiT.     😢😢
45 minutes out in the meeting Trump actually push Zelensky physically - it&#39;s a disgrace
@@dbk9761 Have a look on your Pentagon website to realise how dumb you are. Not even $60b.
If Zelensky can lie and say Europe didn’t give much less then go it alone with Europe and see how that turns out! Ungrateful, disrespectful dictator!
Trump heard from our Intel community and Putin. Trump said he believed Putin over our Intel agency....tell me he&#39;s not a Russian asset. He doesn&#39;t give a shit about Ukraine and this interview proves it!
I really think it’s all scripted. Zelensky has agreed to be the fall guy now. They gonna give him the arse and continue to plunder Ukraine and its assets. It’s all a charade for the sheeple. So the sheeple don’t protest against their tax money going to the elites.
I would agree but Trumps in home field and we&#39;ve been giving them alot of free shit. The problem is Trumps just being a bit of a dipstick
This is disgusting display from the american leadership. No way to treat a nation leader.
Vance must shut up and learner to be ceremonious and diplomatic.The only real person in that oval office was someone who knows the effects of a war, who comes asking for help. Is that how you treat other world leaders? The only thing you want out of this deal is Ukraine&#39;s minerals. Shades of the gulf war, Iraq&#39;s invasion... what more?
That guy grom Ukraine is very disrespectful, and ungrateful
This zelensky are really angry about that trump want the rare earth , thats why he Think he could say and do whatever he wants ….. i was sooo close to world war 3 , sooo close . But thank god thank god , he couldnt manipulate trump !! Think he has done that for so Long now , the Hole West !! Omg …. Thank you trump for saving the world , riiigth before the finish line … i hope he stays for 8 more years , plz god .!
I&#39;m so surprised that JD took time out to remove Trump&#39;s tiny mushroom to thump his chest and stand up for his boyfriend. These clowns wanna gang up and attack Zelenskyy who&#39;s actually successfully defending their country versus a MUCH superior country/army. They want to disrespect and try to embarrass Zelenskyy and his citizens. He&#39;s clearly not trying to help Ukraine. He&#39;s all about what sort of kickbacks he can receive based on the ;rare earths;....how fucking embarrassing....
Trump is a genius, he showed that Zelensky is a slave of Biden and the English, he needs war and only war, because he belongs entirely to England, he is ready to destroy Ukraine for the sake of the desires of the elites from England. It is very funny to read the comments of the Democrats, who look like zombies, they are zombies, because their brains are completely washed by the propaganda of the sick old man Biden...
Deal? Its war, not some childish buisness-shit
I love president Zelenskyy from Afghanistan, because he protect his country from Russian&#39;s attack.
JD, ruined the whole meeting. Unfortunately Trump picked up and ran with it. very sad
Amazing content as always!
True. The only argument against is that it wasn’t the time and place ( but even then it’s of course a question of power) They are obviously very busy looking “great” it’s difficult to look anything else, especially at such late notice 😂
As a Trump fan I will say i dont like the way him and Vance handled this. The news is making Zalenski out to be disrespectful. I side with Trump on the gameplan but Zalenski didnt deserve that. Also if Bidens just throwing money at him with reckless abandon id campaign with their party to he doesnt care about our politics hes just trying to keep his house of cards from falling over. Zalenski and the Ukrainians are going to have to get over this whole thing mentally and thats going to be the hardest thing to achieve if longlasting peace is to be established. Trump just needs to stop getting himself into an ego battle every single time the opportunity presents himself. Yes it&#39;s a great thing to have alot of the time and im happy he is the way he is to some extent but this was not the time or place for it.
it is not easy to be a president. May God protect them and give them wisdom ´.
@@T-sz7oiyep we see them
Great job, this video was very useful!
not really with the money laundering investigation coming up im sure that stupid bond villian outfit he bout was with your taxes and your dumbass will still be like WOW WHAT A BALLER!
Keep this clown vance out of any future discussions!
I’m with ukraine over russia but he needs to close his mouth and let trump talk sometimes it’s unprofessional lol😂
I expected more than just talk about a deal, a suit and free speech in GB which of course must be discussed but not when two presidents meet to talk about stopping a war. Off topic Qs must&#39;ve been ignored.And tbh I don&#39;t like Z, the way he talked about democracy while skipping an election and talking like Russia started war with 0fkn provocation, but the way he was ignored a lot of times, and he literally had to fight to have a chance to reply and see him choked on the word multiple times was hard to watch.
Thats exacly how he manipulate all the Europa !!! Putin going to come for you and Putin Putin Putin .. and alll ejere so stupid and trusted him !! It was on time that somrbody didnt jump on hes propoganda about Putin wil come for you …. And exacly like trump saying , he is gambling with ww3 !! And he was close to doing it ! So thanks god for trump thx god !!! This zelensky had Being manupulate the Hole West for Long time now ! So its was rigth on time before it was about to go really really bad !!
Putin has no limits, no  consciousness no fear of anyone on this earth!!! He mercilessly killed all enemies! He does what he wants, he doesn&#39;t care about anything! He was able to put his opponent Navalnic in a maximum security prison without any fault and killed him easily to be sure to get rid of a worry. So the USA has to help Ukraine, now is the time, otherwise Putin will win and conquer, which is much easier, Moldova and any country he wants. It will be unstoppable from this point of view too! Putin must be jailed he killed so many people!
This was super helpful, thanks!
Zelensky was clearly frustrated and flabbergasted with how he was treated even before the spat. Didn&#39;t get a chance to respond to most questions. You could tell he was extremely tense from the beginning and despised the way Trump was going about it that day and in the lead up.You can only imagine his thinking. Sitting there listening to not only Trump but the reporters pump Trump up. Overall I think he misinterpreted what the oval office conference.
@@stanislavg.7903Russian paranoia at its finest. Russian leaders have always been paranoid and tyrannical historically, even though the West and the EU have no intention of invading them. Ukraine is a sovereign country, not a Russian satellite state. Who invaded who? Did Ukraine invade Russia? No. Did Russia invade Crimea for its port? Yes. Did they invade again in 2022? Yes. Russia is the agressor.
Down with Ukraine!
Zelensky referring to an opposing military force as killers is just sensationalism and should be shut down. These are soldiers under orders to fight. It is not unlawful killing. Zelensky playing dress up soldier and refusing to come to a peace deal tells you he is not worth negotiating with. Trump will end this war by pulling funding and money laundering.
Down with Ukraine!
What is your number on russian bots&#39; list?
amerika can f off as far as I&#39;m concerned. The current fascist government can rot in hell. (if it existed)🟦🟦🟦 Glory to Ukraine! - Glory to the Heroes!🟨🟨🟨 Glory of the Nation! - Ukraine above all! Love from England.
Cry more pussy
According to the NYPost: ;Before meeting Trump, Zelensky met with anti-Trump Democrats who advised him to reject the terms of the mineral deal the president was offering, according to Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.).“Just finished a meeting with President Zelensky here in Washington. He confirmed that the Ukrainian people will not support a fake peace agreement where Putin gets everything he wants and there are no security arrangements for Ukraine,” Murphy’s office posted on X at 11:15 a.m. Friday; -- Zelensky picked the wrong Party. The Dems don&#39;t want peace.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2535">42:15 at this point i do think that zelensky gave up it had been 40 min of Trump telling how good he is, and how useless everyone else is, but at 42 it went tits up with no way back.
Intelligence keeps trying to catch Trump and Vance, but they&#39;re clearly too fast. I think God also didn&#39;t have enough IQ to give them either
Down with Ukraine!
United States 🤮 Says a lot about a country who invites a president of an attacked nation to a public interview and scolds him about not being thankful enough and humiliates a person in need in front of the whole world. Keep telling yourselves you&#39;re the greatest while you make the whole world look down on you.
Alles wat goed is op deze aarde is niet door usa alles wat slecht is en onmenselijk is zit usa erachter
Trump and (disad) Vance were  disrespectful and unceremonial bullies. What minerals do you want from Ukraine, from a man who is at your mercy wanting world peace.
Did that motherfucker just say ;good stuff; to a stack of pictures of POWs??
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=405">6:45 what about palestine
First ladies off Putin think that they are a cup of G_ raalya, it&#39;s probably
@@robertc6382 did you watch the whole thing? Or are you just a I wanna be trumps biggest fan? He asks stupid questions and is criticising velensky. Please watch it before yapping on bout some bs
I do appreciate C-Spans full and unedited recordings of these important events. Thank you :)
Settle down sandy vagina or I will put you outside
Here it is clearly visible that the President of Ukraine is right and completely right!!! It was a very serious mistake that the US Government, in agreement with the Kremlin, reached such an agreement to disarm nuclear weapons on Ukrainian territory. In other words, the US Government unknowingly contributed to this war and the Kremlin was already organizing it in a deliberate manner, what will happen next. By the Pope, as it was written ;SECURITY GUARANTEES; recorded in the Budapest Memorandum signed in 1994 by the United States, Russia and Great Britain. The President of Ukraine says what is ;VERY OBVIOUS;. Since in the war of the Russian Federation with Chechnya, the Russian side violated the conditions of stopping the hostilities on a joint decision in accordance with the agreement, then it is ;COMPLETELY OBVIOUS; that this time it will be exactly the same. The Kremlin operates schematically. But the worst thing in all this is that the President of the USA knows that such a possibility exists. The president of the USA is simply playing his business games with the president of the Russian Federation, playing with the Ukrainian nation. So everyone knows about it, ;BUT; now he is pretending as he is pretending, because he has some interest in it only for himself and wealth for the Americans. In 7 months, as it is estimated, the millionth Ukrainian soldier is to die. The only thing that should be done is not even to talk to the Kremlin, it will be a lie on the part of the Kremlin and it is obvious, it is understandable!!! It should be done so that the forces on the Ukrainian and Russian border install soldiers on the model of IFOR. If the Russian side breaks the terms of the agreement and kills these soldiers, and it is known that it will be, they will also say that it was Ukrainian soldiers who killed. All that is left is to bring NATO soldiers into the territory of Ukraine to protect the IFOR soldiers. Then the Kremlin will make a decision to kill both, IFOR and NATO and as always the Ukrainians are to blame for this because it is certainly their fault. In summary, either the US government will play with paper agreements, which it is known that the Kremlin will break, not for the first time and not for the last time. Or NATO will have to install soldiers on Ukrainian territory because they protect IFOR soldiers. There will be an open war between the Russian Federation and NATO. There is another option, introducing war mercenaries from different parts of the world, providing weapons. The Kremlin will not make sense in this, gaining part of Ukraine for the Russian Federation will not be significant at all on the scale of the entire Russian Federation, it is a war about nothing specifically important, only a purely ideological game, in which ;maybe; 2 million Russian soldiers will die in the end. Of course, the Russian Federation will lose this war for obvious reasons, they are weaker in every respect. The question is about the number of fatalities, also war mercenaries, on the part of Western European soldiers (NATO). Because if the US government still wants to make paper agreements with the Kremlin and nothing comes of it. So either NATO will have to take up the fight with the Russian Federation anyway or Ukraine will simply have to surrender. So, to sum up, how will it pay off for the US president (?) WARMEST REGARDS
Not a fan of trump but he’s right human are dying every day in this war and this needs to stop
Stfu bot make Ukraine Russian again!
Mr. ZELENSKY, you said... EU were ready but without US, you are not strong as you Need. Yah. Just care of what you Need won&#39;t   help! And why you just came along? No one in you country support you or you believe?
Zelensky banned religions and elections what drugs is he on and hes trying to preach about rules and things not to do hes openly attacking russian civilians and russians are only killing troops thats the reason kiev is still standing it would be flattend if putin was a mad man like they say hes wares all the professionals saying Ukraine would win the war the losing badly and now this embarrassing acting like a child you have nothing left you scumbag dragging men if the streets to fight plz god may zelensky face yiur wrath
*🤡
Watching from Tsandi, Uukwaluudhi, 🇳🇦 Namibia
@@luxxers ​In pretty much any metric you choose to evaluate it.  Ukraine lost land.  Ukraine lost towns.  Ukraine lost men.  Ukraine can&#39;t even field an effective line of resistance at this point.  The soldiers are demoralised.  Desertion is rampant.  Conscription and press gangs are the only way Zenensky can even field a force at this point.  And when he does, his generals mis-manage and abandon them anyways.  He is literally begging anyone and everyone to support him.  None of that sounds like victory to me.
古巴危机可以参照，通过外交渠道进行了紧急的谈判，快速解决纠纷。最终，10月28日，赫鲁晓夫同意撤回古巴的导弹，而美国则承诺不入侵古巴，并秘密同意撤除部署在土耳其的美国导弹（这部分协议对外保密，直到多年后才被公开）。
I think it is not difficult to understand why JD Vance and Trump went pissed off simply because Z does not agree with their approach to stop the war and started taking control of the meeting, lecturing Trump about Putin&#39;s untrustworthy natures since <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1800">30:00 onwards. If I were any of Trump or JD Vance, I would be pissed off as well because he is basically publicly calling me stupid to trust Putin on any deals while it is Zelensky who wants aid. It feels like Zelensky is in a boss position while he is loosing a war.
Trumps fucking high on himself! Could he actually spit some proper facts out. Guys a clown
I hate how everyone thinks Zelensky is some god or some perfect innocent person!!! When he was instilled by the CIA after they over through Yanukovych (a democratically elected president). They removed him because he didn’t want to be a part of nato because that would be a hostile act towards Russia and mean instant war! So they removed him and put someone who would do whatever they asked when they asked it. Even though in 1990 Secretary of State James Baker promised Gorbachev and other Soviet officials, “not one inch eastward” meaning they wouldn’t expand nato one inch eastward past Germany, yet they knew they were lying and stilled said it!!! CIA Director Robert Gates’s criticism of “pressing ahead with expansion of NATO eastward [in the 1990s], when Gorbachev and others were led to believe that wouldn’t happen.”Thats literally from the documents so for those who don’t believe the CIA’s involvement with this then think again!! They’ve been trying to get Russia surrounded by nato even and then take that too since the 90’s!!! Putin at one point was even thinking about joining nato and had asked about it until the US broke ever agreement they made with him!! So no Zelensky, Putin didn’t just come to your land and start blazing bullets for no reason it’s a lot more complex then that but he likes to play the victim!!! Thats like all the BRICS nations getting Mexico to join them then placing military bases there along with missiles and other weapons the expecting the US not to act on it by attacking Mexico!!! Like obviously they’re going too which they would have ever right to do so!!! Zelensky knew exactly what he was doing when he chose to join nato not because of “democracy” but because that was the deal he made with the CIA… He chose to do it and get hundreds of thousands of his people killed along with having to give up land too Russia and even then he still kidnaps young men to make them fight for fuck sakes!!! This guy is as evil as the worst of them!!! Yet everyone thinks he so innocent 😇 that is sooo far from the truth I can’t believe people are stupid enough to believe it and think that he deserves to have anything given to him!!! Oh well if he keeps acting like this don’t be surprised when he gets assented by Putin🤷‍♂️ …..
Dikke lul ! Met ze allen hebben voor gezorgd dat burgers en militairen dood gaan en USA en Europa hun zakken vol maken met geld.  Het eerste moordenaar in deze oorlog is USA . 2 jaar voor het aanval van Rusland had Amerika over dat Rusland gaat aanvallen.... dus usa wist alles en Putin had met overleg met usa deze oorlog begonnen. Zonder USA op deze aarde hadden wij hele leuke vredige wereld..
Sounds like Vance didn&#39;t like V speaking about their broken deals in front of the media to hear...   now Vance and trump want to shut v up covering their errors and guilt...
You explained this so well, thank you!
“Consider a peace treaty as a strategic withdrawal.”
Down with Ukraine!
It’s sad how Zelensky is not thinking about the life of the men and women of his country. What kind of a leader talks like that in front of the media when the other side can hear it and then argues with his strongest allies all in front of the camera instead of doing it behind closed doors? So sad. I hope the deal will be done and the war will end.
Trump is so nice 💙💙💙👹👹👹
Europe please help Ukraine ,they are your neighbor
Zelensky showed expression in his eyes when Trump poked at the Biden Administration.
@Monotonous-Tedium  I make you aware that Ukraine has a chance to win the war with honor, without giving Putin&#39;s ass like Trump is doing.
I feel zelensky already has them minerals sold to other buyers like blackrock or whover like everything else he looks very worried he&#39;s white hes on very thin ice he wanted trunp to say stuff bad about putin they say their playig cards puting is playing chess its about checkmate zelensky will be killed by naziz azoz
All Zelensky did was say I need need more funds, I need air systems, I need etc. Maybe he should be thankful that the U.S. has been his major backer for three years and without the U.S., Zelensky probably wouldn&#39;t still have a country now.
Vance  obviously does not like Zelensky and is there to cause problems, he is waiting to attack him at every opportunity, this is sickening both Trump and Vance are rude. Zelensky was not dicating anything he was trying to say the U.S is protected by oceans and they used his lack of the English language as a tool against him, both Trump and Vance are very rude. Neither are there to help this is a publicity stunt and nothing more. Putin and Trump have secret deals going on, I&#39;m sure of it and it will all come out in the wash later, mark my words! This is about deminishing Zelensky&#39;s credibility and to make him look like a fool, Im glad it backfiired on Trump and Vance as they are the ones who look ike fools. The world is behind Zelensky. Notice how he says  ;this will be great television;, that is what this is all about as far as Trump is concerned, its all to further promote himself as usual. When Zelensky was attacked for not wearing a suit, he should have replied with why does your president paint himself orange? and carry on like a spoilt brat? Also, why are you showing off in front of the camera?, do you believe this will make you more popular by behaving like this and trying to belittle me? by wearing army green he is showing solidarity with his troops! In Trumps aging and possibly demented mind he is seeing Zaelensky as Castro, as Castro always wore army green. I believe this is why he was previously calling him a dictator, he is possibly confusing him for Castro or drawing parallels between Zelensky and Castro in his aging mind due to wearing army green a lot of the time. In regards to Zelensky being a dictator as Trump previously stated, due to not holding elections, he cannot call an election in Ukraine currently. Half the country are fighting, the other half are trying to survive or have left the country and are in Poland and other countries. Also, now is not the time to assemble large amounts of people in one place. Putin would see the polling places as nothing but a huge target to attack to do maximum damage!  Surely Trump knows this or is he really that stupid? Apparently he is not a stupid man, but im beginning to wonder about that. Also why hasn&#39;t someone corrected him and told him the phrase is ;Rare Earth Minerals;? is everyone so scared of him that they will not correct him? Over and over again he said it. The reporters don&#39;t even corner him in conversations, isn&#39;t he answerable to the people for his actions? if he is asked questions unless its a matter of national securty etc. questions should be addressed and answered! time and time again he yells and carry&#39;s on like a spoilt child to shut down conversations. That should not be tolerated someone without fear and with the gift of the gab (speaks well for those who are unfamiliar with the expression) should interview him on camera and put him in his place and belittle him for a change, and teach him some humility. Trump is a bully! and if anyone is showing signs of being a dictator he is! If WW3 happens Trump and Putin they wont be the ones doing the fighting they will be sitting somewhere safe, while your homes are being bombed and your children are fighting and dying. Both of them make me sick to the stomach. Americans and Russians both should be doing all they can to get them both out of power.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
The fact that thousands of young people are dying each week for nothing doesn&#39;t seem to be too amusing to me.
Trumps mistake is picking vance, vivek would’ve been a better pick
@@JohnStainsby-q1phow have you worked that out?
@@stanislavg.7903 he is yes, he will not believe anything his masters tell him not to.I think he&#39;s from Edinburgh, so he&#39;s a lost cause.
Everything was going on smoothly until this thing you call Deputy President opened his mouth, then things went south FAST
For the hundreds of billions of dollars American taxpayers have given him and his country, of which some of it is unaccounted for, Zelensky should be effusive with his praise. I think he did say thanks once or twice, but it was muted. Zelensky saying Europe has been very giving compared to the U.S. was embarrassing.
Trump saying in 2014 or 2015 he wasn&#39;t there he already made it clear that he wss talking about other Presidents. Zelensky had to humble himself and bite his tongue. Trump and Vance didnt have to embarrass hom like this.
What the world does not understand is that the United States is going bankrupt  slowly ,we can not maintain our government  nor pay our debt so how can politicians give away our money to fund foreign wars?
@searchitgood The US CAUSED the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq
Money taken from the sell..95%..make the deal firts....what has it to do with peace for  ukrain Trump? Nothing at all. You do not care bout the soldiers both side only bout the money you can earn of this useless war. You need to stop putin like churchil stopped hitlerLike bush who stopped Saddam Hoessein . And you need to stop being an aggressor and a bully intimidating to get your way and you need to appologise together with your pet jd to a true leader and that is to president  Zelensky. Its this simple.
They gave sheets
JD Vance is the man
When you turn down a cease fire to start peace talks.... when you openly say you do not want dialogue...  you are telling the world you do not want peace. All Zelenskyy wants is money to continue his war against Putin, regardless of the cost of life.  Even when Trump pointed out he is bringing the world to the brink of another world war he pulled faces and raised his eyes and still wanted money.  2 war mongers, Putin &amp; Zelensky..both with massive egos and one as bad as each other.
When Someone invites They should Respect Highly And Give Extra ordinary Values to them  Respect The Guests Dears Mr trump Try to understand 🙌🏻
Yes, but Zelenskyy is a coke head
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
@@lizabian1848 More than the US gave.
Notice how as Zelenksy is being ambushed by Trump and Vance, he&#39;s remaining very calm and Trump continues to raise his voice louder and louder and keeps talking over Zelenksy like a petulant silver spoon child. The only heated part of this exchange came from Trump and Vance. Zelensky was the only person being respectful.
@Crutonwyt I mean considering the the GDP of both sides it&#39;s pretty evan.
@@lizabian1848  more then US and a very big help with refugies. It also costs a lot of money.
Zalensky is one the most stupid persons on earth
At the beginning you said that Trump would bring peace in the world, but today you know that he has lost the respect of all leaders around the world 🤡
@@jonathanvales4635 The EU has given considerably more than the US has in value alone. Additionally, much of the US&#39;s ;support; is actually on loan, with America poised to exploit UIkraine&#39;s debt.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
The owner of that phone that rang during the meeting must be arrested 😔 he is disrespectful
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=618">10:18 Kecá ovna. Evropa dala více peněz než USA, ale méně fyzického vojenského vybavení.
Zele: ;First I want to say thank you;Trumps fuckboy: ;You didn&#39;t even say thank you; Come on you sandy pussy...
;I don&#39;t think you&#39;d be a tough guy without the United States.; Yeah, one would think someone who&#39;s been gifted hundreds of billions of dollars courtesy of the US taxpayer would be a little more grateful...
Between 24 January 2022 and December 2024, it is estimated that the total government support from each block is:   - $138.2bn from Europe   - $119.7bn from USA.However the USA as a nation is the single largest donor. Europe consists of many nations.Source: Kiel Institute
I&#39;d pay good money for a PPV to see Zelenskyy beat tf out of Trump ;the tough guy; in an octagon who I&#39;d place a good sized bet that he throws a ball like a girl...no disrespect for girls.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Then what?
Loved the content, keep it coming!
This shit was like an SNL episode... it was funny to watch.
The question is what the likes or dislikes are given for.
You should’ve cheated harder like back in 2020 bra
Thank you for the great content!
and he got the right too because Z disrespected the country that gave him 400 Billions and the country that try to save hi and stop the war as trump said ;you are nt winning this;
Zelensky doesn’t want peace. Full stop.
He claims to be the best POTUS jokingly, but we all know he really thinks this highly of himself because he NEEDS his ego to be stroked...this makes him weak and an embarrassment!
This is how conversations should be. A good conversation should allow emotions to surface, even when discussing big issues. Diplomatic slushing is not part of honest speech. Great Trump, great Zele!
All was going well, until JD Vans started talking rubbish.
It’s disheartening to see some Americans supporting Zelensky, a dictator who has stolen billions of our taxpayer dollars.
He wants to leave no stone unturned to protect the lives and freedom of the citizens of his country. Any other questions?
@@stanislavg.7903 Геннадий Андреевич Зюганов for President!
Well why doesn’t he wear a suit?
Those are not right wing. Whatever they are.
@@radscorpion8biden couldn&#39;t even speak clearly 😂
I salute your courage Zelensky, the people will one day appreciate the good you have done for your country !
Zelensky is going to take the US minerals proposition to Europe and make them a counteroffer.
Trump is a moron. Not as biden but in some ways worse.
2 years biden did nothing but free handouts
@@jonathanvales4635 That&#39;s not true EU countries + the EU have given much more than the US.
You pay the tab then
So, america decided to isolate themselves before curling up in a ball and dying?
what&#39;s happening to America,that country of men,who stood and defend countries...but now see,white house is like a comedy club,with full of dumb journalists and studip vence <a ="http:boy.so/">boy.so shame millions are dying,you fools are making jokes..pres zelensky is seeking for help to save people you make jokes..you are so f*ckdp..
Everyone in the room attacking this idiot is just a bunch of wretches, including the president and this dumbass with the beard. Well, that&#39;s your servant, you&#39;re the one who persuaded him to go to war and you used the Ukrainians (even though they&#39;re all Russians) who only had the balls in the world to attack Russia, because all the rest of you are chicks who know how to wage war with people in sandals, without weapons. I can&#39;t wait for you to send your soldiers to Ukraine, but I know that will never happen because it is too dangerous for you ;warriors; there.
Do you actually own a suit? You don&#39;t need to know more from the right-wing press.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Get trump out before it&#39;s too late!
Democracy is the freedom to elect dictators.
In the last seconds of the press conference Trump winks an eye and Zelensky puts thumb up. What is going on?
Amazing content as always!
This was super helpful, thanks!
You explained this so well, thank you!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Iam GermabGood so Mister President Trump👍
I think our common problem is eXwife of Putin, she inloves like film in security and make him dangerous
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
@@stanislavg.7903Зачем ты пришёл сюда? Иди смотри телевизор, там много столь ;важной информации; для тебя
This was very informative, appreciate it.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Zelinsky is something else. He&#39;s a prime example of letting your mouth write checks that your ass can&#39;t cash. After watching zelinsky in this he&#39;s not interested in anything but WWIII. Facts are without USA and our money Ukraine will be Russia&#39;s. He should be very thankful for ANYTHING USA does ATP. Personally i don&#39;t think we should send one more cent, weapon, or military personnel there.
The only man in that room is president Zelensky!
The one time I wished I WASN&#39;T in the room where it happened.
All things considered, I can say that it&#39;s an honor to be able to listen to this.  Directly as it happens.  The American people have been relegated to the sidelines for far too long.  Just listening makes me feel a part of the process, a part of this country.   Good luck Ukraine, take the deal.
Very revealing to watch all of it. Zelensky started sermonizing and hijacked the event starting <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1290">21:30
@valerieflores31 Trump&#39;s the dictator? He wants to return power to the States, de-centralise gov&#39;t, yet HE&#39;S the dictator? Not the little twerp in a sweater who has cancelled elections multiple years running? Sounds like you get your info from CNN.
Trump handled this meeting really well, but his man Vance let him down.  I&#39;ve seen nothing to suggest Vance has the diplomacy skills that the job commands, but i&#39;ve faith Trump will spot and fix that early.
Trump isn&#39;t a dementia puppet like biden
Zelensky is so sure Trump and Vance are not good enough, why did he come?
@@MoneyMan28Nato started this war.
How many dislikes ?
When it comes to Rare Earth In the Ukraine. Tell me, do you think that these people died for their land not so that it could be given to Putin or so that it could be given to the United States of America, but so that it could be for the people of the Ukraine.If they have a commodity that we want, and Russia, once let them process, it, let them make the money off of it let the people who died and we’re dying for their land. Keep their land.If we want it, let them process it distribute it, and the world can pay a fair price And I don’t think anything less would be fair
American arrogance at it&#39;s best. They can talk but others cannot. JD Vance must watch his mouth and also understands that Zelenski cannot speak English that well and cannot express himself. Listen, allow hiom his frustrations and don&#39;t try to tell him off. Goodness, what is wrong with the Trump administration. A WW 3 will because of Trumps stupidity and not Ukraine or Russia!
It&#39;s clear to me that Zelensky don&#39;t ubderstand the mediation posstion the US is taking. Trump has sated clearly that he&#39;s ob Ucraine&#39;s side but that ht he&#39;s doing is try to stop the carnage. The only world&#39;s leader thst has shown concer for life.Zelenski&#39;s stubborn abour Putin&#39;s unreliability but that press conference wasn&#39;t the place to insisti on that.He should have stuck to the actual agreements reached and allowed the negotiations proceed to see where it leads.Whay he has done is to weaken the US government&#39;s initiative.I undestand the Ucraine&#39;s ambassador reaction.Whay Zelensky must do is decide if he&#39;s for peace fir Ukraine or if he&#39;s to keep on war forever.
Europe, including Ukraine, has 2.6 million soldiers, the USA has 1.3 million, China has 2 million soldiers, and Russia has 1.1 million. According to the same source, Europe has 2,091 fighters, the USA - 1,456, China - 1,409 and Russia - 1,224.
Both president n his VP r jerk!!
@@TheWorldsOkayestUSMarine Hmm, guess you haven&#39;t a clue about Putin&#39;s goals, Russian history, or Ukrainian history. I DO. And I don&#39;t care about your foolish and silly black and white or color perspective idea. Putin has made it quite plain what he believes and intends on doing. As to JD Vance, he has had quite a few opportunities to prove he is a clueless and obnoxious fool. This was not the first time. As to your global scale, right now, the administration is giving autocrats around the world quite a bit of shade.  You think giving Putin what he wants is good on a global scale? Seriously? You would have fit right in with the views of the last ;American First; movement. They almost made us lose WWII. If the Japanese hadn&#39;t been stupid enough to attack Pearl Harbor, they wanted to toss Great Britain into Hitler&#39;s claws. History is dangerously close to that rhyme, and it isn&#39;t Zelenskyy&#39;s fault. It is the cowards and appeasers. And yes, Trump is braggart and a bully, but he is also a coward. He is the one who cut the Afghan government out of negotiations with the Taliban and engineered the fiasco that Biden got stuck with.;It never woulda happened...; Bullshit, Trump sets up the disasters. He didn&#39;t do a thing when Xi was crushing local democracy (as per treaty) in Hong Kong. He just bragged about how peaceful the world was when he didn&#39;t do anything to thwart North Korea or Iran&#39;s actual goals. Worse yet, to make himself feel good, he lies about what others did or didn&#39;t do and inflates whatever he did and claims almost anything that  went well as his doing when he had nothing to do with it. As an example of that, he claimed he came up with the ideas of how to destroy ISIS when it was Gen Brown, the officer he just fired in favor of a General that had never had strategic command position.
Zelenskyy is 🤮 disgusting,Can’t stand his voice anymore.Hand him over to PUTIN, be done with this clown 🤡
when Trump called Zelensky a dictator thats the start of him being biased🤣🤣🤣
Zelenskyy just needs to walk away from the US much like the rest of our ;allies; and sign a minerals deal with the EU and give the middle finger to the Trump admin....as a US citizen I support this!
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Across the world we witnessed vice  president deflecting when he shows himself being ignorant of the previous  diplomatic  meeting which failed and he was unwilling to learn why  and choosing to talk manners and gratitude I dont for a minute think hes unaware of how grateful he after all he bought weapons and then told ge coukdnt use them  Well President Trump Then talking over himHow rude.This is going to be what has Donald Trump agreed to do with the spoils of war in diving Ukraine up between them for personal gain
Starts RespectfulHowever, not very fair
2014 to 2022 nobody did anything, he keeps repeating, he means Trump didn&#39;t do anything. He keeps saying Trump can&#39;t do anything much. Why did he come?
You have a peace symbol for a profile yet want a war to continue. Interesting
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
It all went downhill when JD Vance started the attack. Ridiculous.
Демократия это возможность высказать каждому свое мнение. И не быть оскарбленным или запуганым за это. А украинская Демократия выглядит как раз так все кто не принимает наше мнение боты и т.д. Грустно смотреть как вы радуетесь у себя избиению и похищению людей. Но возможно вы заслуживаете этого?
waiting for Homelander to interrupt
Trump is a Donald Duck🦆😂
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Most people reacting didn&#39;t see the first 40 minutes of the meeting.
I was shocked how disrespectful is Zelensky. I am glad Trump showed the world what kind of man Zelensky is- ungrateful, disrespectful dictator.
He doesn&#39;t need money cnn and msnbc told us russia is down to fighting with shovels
Dear Mr. Zelensky, Servant of the people if Ukraine,  I take this opportunity to congratulate you on your boldness,  your clarity in dealing with problems confronted by your beloved Nation because of the onslaught by a wicked neighboring country run by an ever avid ruler, tyrant like Putin, who is least concerned about the minimum requirements of Humanity.
Did that imbecile ask the Ukranian President why he isn&#39;t wearing a suit?!?. Obviously it doesn&#39;t guarantee the perception of competence and intelligence. That ugly royal blue 💙 looks horrid on his fat frame. Men&#39;s Warehouse: ; you&#39;re gonna&#39; hate the way you look;....
There are many cheap media around oval office
I want present to American president a idea: makes in Nickolaev from Soviet shop Children world to Dogs world
Dear Mr. Zelensky, Servant of the people if Ukraine,  I take this opportunity to congratulate you on your boldness,  your clarity in dealing with problems confronted by your beloved Nation because of the onslaught by a wicked neighboring country run by an ever avid ruler, tyrant like Putin, who is least concerned about the minimum requirements of Humanity.
Putin didn&#39;t wake up one day and invaded Ukraine.
Jd is just a dick he has a small brain so he has to point his finger to make you believe he knows what he is saying👌🏿
jd vance pointing and yelling at President Zelenskyy. Not a human being.
Zelensky should visit Israel and pray there for Peace with his fellow people.
@@Axel_Andersen&#39;reliable figures&#39; lol. CNN and BBC are not reliable. Get with reality.
Solving a conflict quickly and doing it right are two completely different things. If Trump gives in to Putin&#39;s whims, what goes to say that he won&#39;t do it again, this time, against Americans themselves?
@staserstaa1969  Демократия это когда каждый может высказать свое мнение без оскорбления. А типичное поведение украинского демократа это попытаться оскорбить и закрыть рот без аргументов и как в данном случае  довольно просто и прямолинейно.
I SAID IT 100 TIMES BEFORE AND COULD ALREADY GUESS THAT TRUMP AND THE JD VANCE LOW HAVE PUT A PLOT IN PLAY AGAINST THE UKRAINIAN PRESIDENT. BEFORE THE PRESIDENT ARRIVED. BECAUSE tTRUMP WANTS TO MAKE MONEY. ON THE BACKS OF PEOPLE WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN UKRAINWHAT EVER...  I HOPE THAT THEY WILL RAID JD VANCE&#39;S HOUSE. AND TELL HIM THAT YOU LEAVE NO ROOM FOR DIPLOMACY WHERE DID THEY GET HIM FROM. WHAT HAPPENS TO THE AMERICANS WHO HAVE FAITH IN TRUMP&#39;S STAFF. I HAVE TOOK OFF HOODY FOR YEARS FOR THE AMERICANS. BUT WHAT IS HAPPENING NOW. TRUMP AND HIS STAFF IS A COMMERCIAL PRESIDENT. SINCE WHEN IS SOMEONE WHO IS COMMERCIAL A FRIEND OF HUMANITY. YOUR EYES WILL OPEN WHEN IT IS TOO LATE AS ALWAYS. LIKELY LINE IS TIME TO SEEK THE ALLIANCE WITH THE RUSSIANS AND CHINESE AND NORTH KOREAN AND LEAVE THE AMERICANS ALONE. BECAUSE WHAT THIS PRESIDENCY IS DOING IS TURNING HIS BACK TO THE REAL PROBLEM
И Дональд Трамп, и Джей Ди Венс ведут себя уважительно и корректно. Поведение Зеленского, как и всей украинской делегации, абсолютно неприемлемо.
I don&#39;t see what people are up in arms about? It was a relatively good discussion. I thought sht went down the way people were talking... this was mostly boring tbh with a few highlights. Lol
Very well done, appreciate this video!
@@BarbaraG-bs8bp US gave to war in Afghanistan 1.5 trillion, war in Iraq 1.9 trillion - just saying.
Seeing the full meeting doesn&#39;t make it better.  Vance and Trump had a meltdown, and triggered by Zelensky calling them out. Trump and Vance need to be less sensitive and just answer the question like grown up men and be more diplomatic, do what you preach lol
Трамп хотел помирить Россию и Украину, в итоге сам задумываться начал о СВО😂😂
I see 2 men that passionately hate each other sitting on those chairs. Zelensky cannot even pretend like he respects Trump, because hee cleary doesn&#39;t.
Alert: In Washington 🇺🇸 2025 the question was asked: Who will give more for Crimea 🇺🇦?
You misspelled autism
Like a father lecturing his son 😂
The last 15 minutes hurt my soul. I said it from the start of the war, we are essentially seeing the eradication of a country. Putin is laughing at everything right now.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Planet of the apes 😂
zelensky owned the whole room with body language and words. flawless victory. vance is a true blue clown. i have no horse in this race. absolute knee jerk intellectually stunted mess
Is Zelensky feeling cold?
A real MAN (without a suit) and just another two empty suits!
He want more protection than just seize fire I guess they broke it last time that was what he was trying to say
@staserstaa1969  yeah the ;Russian bot; actually knows what he&#39;s talking about though. Everything he said is verifiably true.
젤렌스크는 미쳤다.미국에게 우크라이나에 미군을 주둔 시켜라니 러시아와 미국 까지 싸움 붙이냐? 3년울  도와줬다.광물을 준다면 자동으로 미국이 주둔할건데 젤렌스키는 머저리
Thank you for the great content!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
The fall of the American Empire
no comments. awful
😢
Baby don&#39;t worry, Zelensky&#39;ve seat like MonaLiza and Donna like his wife
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I have all the respect for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. I hope the uk and Europe can help him without the need of a chimp of a man they call presednet in America.
All a sudden Dr. Phil shows up during the argument at the end.  🤣  Dr.Phil: ;OK, let&#39;s all take a step back and cool down.  We can&#39;t have alot of hot heads in here.;  😂
Country I once admired seems to have turned into cowards and Putin&#39;s lapdogs
Australian Government just gave him 2 billion dollars worth of cards so he doesn&#39;t have to take a cease fire.
What&#39;s with Zelensky huh
Wait...
I’ve stopped it secretly🥰
don&#39;t overestimate leaders and underestimate greed
Brave heart zelanski hats up you
Oh I forgot to tell you, but I’ve stopped a war today. No one knew about it, and it hasn’t even started. But I think I’ve stopped it.🥰🎉💪
Trump can&#39;t be surprised when people call him a child when he acts like this! I commend Zelenskyy for standing up to bullies
@@phucphucgames7897we are here because Trump did an unilateral deal with Putin. And then broadcast it, not giving Zelensky the opportunity to give his input in the ceasefire of a war he is part of. Now it’s “sign this or there will be war”. Where is the goodwill of both countries involved? Yeah, Putin saves face and just go home, and who is going to pay for the renovation of the buildings, the hospitals…?I think Trump really thinks that he is doing a good deal for Ukraine, but he is literally robbing them and expecting to be given the thanks for it.
You explained this so well, thank you!
@@stanislavg.7903Russian bot arguments over here, lol
Zellensky tryin his hardest to cause a america to become a participant in this war between ukraine and russia. Like bro wtf is wrong with him lol
His country is at war, and he did not wear one during any of his state visits. The bank manager has ways to check your credit score other than simply wearing a suit to impress him and grant you a loan.😂😂 😂😂
Stick to your tribes and avoid being victims to divide and rule
This was super helpful, thanks!
@FinlayRoberts-z7v  ты это всем пишешь кто говорит что-то что ты не приемлишь или не понимаешь?
Amazing content as always!
It&#39;s his office .Don&#39;t respect your host
America achieves MAGA at the price of its soul.
Mr.Trump is very bold and true person i love it❤
How has two reality tv guys ended up in this position 🤣
President Bone Spurs and Vance telling Zelensky how to feel about living in a war zone and trying to protect his country, telling him he&#39;s not thankful enough while Zelensky is showing them pictures of slaughtered children.  Trump and Vance are an utter disgrace.  I couldn&#39;t despise them more for their arrogance and stupidity.  The norm for the &#39;emperor with no clothes&#39; is that everyone who isn&#39;t a grovelling sychophant is to be thrown in the tower.  They won&#39;t want this video footage available for posterity.  History will not look kindly upon them.  Makes me want to watch CNN.
@@T-sz7oi How are you gonna call us bots when you have no profile picture, a randomly generated name, and an account that is younger than a fucking pregnancy. Lmao get real
@@BramBiesiekierski How did he lose? Sure Ukraine isn’t doing amazing but Russia is bleeding badly atm.
I watched a 5 second clip earlier today that was without contrast, I listened to one of my friends tell me he was embarrased by what Trump said, so i took the time to watch the entire meeting. My take: Great job Trump, Vance, Rubio!!! It sure does appear that Z doesn&#39;t want peace. Trump is my president and I am proud of him. Keep up the great work!
May Allah bless president trump
@@dbk9761 No, you gave $110 billion and that was in <b>military goods*. Those military goods were made in and paid for in America. The money stayed in America and went to American businesses and workers. The money never *left</b> the American economy.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
@@shadymistkennel And they won’t, that wasn’t ever the intention because that would get nato involved. Zenlensky never asked for US soldiers I don’t know where this idea came from considering he’s just asking for support and peace
Globalists plan to give Trump the role of a bad person and portray him as an opponent of LGBT rights. Moreover, their goal is to use him to destroy America and the world, and then replace him with a ;wise; and ;saintly; president who supports LGBT rights and gender transition, so that he can ;fix; everything Trump has ruined.Thus, a game is being played with the aim of proving to the world: ;Look how bad heterosexuals like Trump and Putin are, who do not support LGBT rights! And look how good those who support LGBT rights and gender transition are!;
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Zelenzky needs to stop interrupting while someone is talking; it has made Trump annoyed several times.
God bless Trump
What&#39;s Good 💯 <a =":/shorts/xlW7v_PUhlU">:youtube.com/shorts/xlW7v_PUhlU?si=18O22uO4q1IKvkot
@@jonathanvales4635where are you getting 350 billion?
His body language when trump is talking is epic..  like i wish i didn&#39;t have to come here to listen to this hustling lunatic... 😂
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Americano by Ukrainian:  half of litre don&#39;t put
This trump want to hear only good thing about him.  Nth about war only about him.
Kiss ass
Yup, he seems just want to warr and warr... revenge!.. So it&#39;s important note to everybody not to make a comedian as a president.
The stupid one who broke it all is Vance so people can se this stupid vice president must shut his mouth.Everything was going fine but Vance threw his shit!
Zel is totally on coke!Creepily obvious!
IF WE ARE GOING TO HAVE TO PROBLEM ANY PRESIDENT DUE TO THEIR CLOTHING THAT IS A PIECE OF SH.T MEDIA QUESTION THAT FOCUS ON HOW A PRESIDENT SHOULD LOOK THAN BE CONCERN ON THE REALLY WHAT MATTERS CONCERNS LIKE ENDING THE WAR,MAKING MUTUAL SHARE RESOURCES TREATY ETC. THE PRESIDENT WHO LOST ALOT OF COUNTRY MEN AND ALL THIS STUPID MEDIA IS CONCERN ABOUT IS WHY DIDNT A PRESIDENT DRESS UP. WHY SHOULD A PRESIDENT DRESS UP???SO IF A CORPORATE OWNER DOES EVERY SUCCESS FOR A GIVEN COMPANY SHOULD HE GET FIRED OF HIS OWN COMPANY BECAUSE OF HIS CLOTHING DONT APPLY YOUR STUPID CULTURE TO OTHER CULTURE THAT DONT GIVE A FUSS ABOUT IT.
They didn&#39;t ask questions from Zelenskythe trump glaze is unreal.
The media are focusing on the wrong issue. The most pressing issue now is not Russia and Ukraine but China and Taiwan.
@@larkspur1517 Zelensky had just gone a monologue about 2014 up until 2024.
@@dbk9761 Nice. 350b sounds great. When will US give the other 240b then? Because until now it&#39;s 110b, so it can&#39;t go fast enough with giving the rest of the money! Great news for Ukraine, US will give 240b more, they have said it multiple times now.
Wrf
@@ColaFizza ill let others pay youtube, I wont.
Note that it isn&#39;t Zelenskyy that is risking WWIII. It is Trump and his foolish honoring and appeasement of thugs. Actually, Zelenskyy wanted the arms that would have finished off the ability of Putin&#39;s war machine to invade Ukraine or , by default, prevent Putin from exercising his other territorial dreams of conquest. Ukraine was on the way to that until the Republicans seem to decide that Putin needed a hand, crying about what in military expenditures, is actually fairly mild for what is really a large modern war. What Zelenskyy was trying to convey was that Putin cannot be trusted and has far grander territorial goals. Appease Putin and coddle him and play up to him and it will just encourage him to get to keep what he has stolen so far. As Putin will, according to this set of appeasers has virtually promised, get to be rid of sanctions, have no retribution and be able to raise money to build a better military, he will have another go at Ukraine and other points west. It is not Ukraine that wants this war to go on. It is Putin, with a defanged Ukraine, so he can march right in, like they did in Crimea. And like they did in Poland with four partitions of that country. And the parts of Eastern Europe that we actually liberated from the Nazis during WWII, only, by pre-arranged agreements, which we honored, gave the areas, such as most of what would be East Germany, to the Soviets. The Soviets said they would allow free and fair elections throughout Eastern Europe as part of the agreements. They lied. They very quickly sent in the Red Army and used former Nazis to subjugate the people and deny any free and fair elections.
👏 👏 👏 agreed​@@stanislavg.7903
If that&#39;s ;The Art of The Deal;, I definitely won&#39;t be buying the book! 😂
Proxy war
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2958">49:18 This is gonna be great television. Here it is, the core of it all, it&#39;s all for show.. He believes himself in some reality TV with a few good pals.
Zelensky is an absolute idiot!!! Going and begging country’s for money and doesn’t even have the decency to take of his dope boy track suit and but on an actual shit and tie when coming to the White House!! He’s a fucking clown who’s getting his people killed for no reason!! Only because he wants more money and doesn’t want his pride hurt!! Like buddy you’re lucky you even have a country left for fuck sakes!!
@@dbk9761That&#39;s an absurd lie. The independent Kiel Institute calculated that the US gave 120 billion usd to Ukraine, while Europe gave them almost 140 billion usd. Also Europe has promised it will gave a lot more.That&#39;s a total lie by trump
@@BarbaraG-bs8bp thats not true at all. Germany supplied couple of their patriot missiles and aintiar defense system with rockets, Nasams anti air defense. Supplied their old and some amount of new leopard two tanks. Some bullet based antiair defense systems, handheld antitank weapons and so on and so forth. Germany could have done more but they don&#39;t have nukes and are scared of Russia unlike France, UK and USA. Also Germany helped a lot of Ukrainian refugees, paid them financial help and housed them. It was mostly woman with children, not working age males.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
It looks like Trump thinks he can control Europe and Ukraine with a few words, but I actually think he&#39;s oversimplifying it
You don&#39;t have the guts, with us you have the guts 🤔
This was a set up, you can see Trump wink at the journalist who made rude comments about Zelensky&#39;s clothing <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1403">23:23
Stupid reporter asking why Zellensky not wearing a suit.. why didn’t u ask why Elon Musk not wearing a suit it Oval Office past week, more importantly brought his son..
@@phucphucgames7897Given Trump&#39;s rhetoric in the past days and his general attitute towards Ukraine and Russia, who would trust even an oral agreement for security let alone an IMPLIED one. For all anybody can see, the much more realistic result of this agreement is that once Ukraine stop fighting, Putin&#39;d start preparing a new assault force and Trump would denounce any such attempts by Ukraine. Then Putin would conquer Ukraine and in the end the mineral rights agreement wouldn&#39;t even be respected so the US wouldn&#39;t even gain anything other than losing an ally.
But achieved a very bad outcome lol
Like a fkn hyenas, jumping on the man, talking loud horse shit! Selenskyj should’ve punch this squash head in his fkn cabbage!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1820">30:20 😂
Why don’t you say that since the very beginning and at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=662">11:02, Trump was very nice to him Zelenskyy, but this dude kept poking back, does he really want a peace deal??😅 and he kept denying that US pays more than Europe in this war and without any pay back, isn’t this lying, this guy Zelenskyy is a clown
I used to think JD Vance was a competent level minded politician but after this circus, I realised he&#39;s just another egostitcal prick
Трамп вероятно говорит так, потому что отлично знает о том что Байден, Англия и ЕС  втянула Украину в эту войну. Правда, которую вы не хотите знать и принять в том что Минские соглашения нарушила Украина и ЕС. Что важно они подтвердили что изначально не хотели их соблюдать потому что были в слабой позиции и вынуждены были подписать. Об этом после говорила Меркль. Украина здесь не жертва России, а жертва запада, который использовал её как агрессивный по отношению к России блок и размещал там военные базы. Трамп это знает и понимает. Он также понимает что если бы себе такое позволила Канада или Мексика реакция США была ровно такой. Она и была такой во время карибского кризиса. Трамп полагаю все это понимает и если принять это в качестве контекста то разговор станет более понятным.
Trump doesn&#39;t like Joe Biden because of political competitions and all negative emotions connected to it. At the end of this meeting with Ukrainian president Zelensky he went into his memories about Biden and was full of negative emotions and just rage quit. What to do
Yes. Also required for my job to go into the office, or when I meet a bank manager for a large loan
Uraaaa
@@stanislavg.7903 russian bot ahh response
<a =":/48ezFJGiGWE">:youtu.be/48ezFJGiGWEshow this video to trump !!!
That&#39;s why I hate USA, Countries shouldn&#39;t depend on USA. This is disrespectful
Trump and Musk are a disgrace to America.
Ok so how many times have you been winning at something after maximum effort, then just gave it up? Unless you’ve never earned anything in your life so don’t see the big deal in just ‘handing it back’
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
🤣🤣🤣the question of the day , why don&#39;t  you wear  a suit  🤦‍♂️really  man u better look for another  job 🤣🤣
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
He had a chance to speak and totally blew it
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Zlensky, called JD a bi*ch in Russian))) <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2565">42:45
Sorry buy Zelensky is right!
What an idiot JD Vance is. Absolute grub
@@T-sz7oi how much do you get paid to shitpost on youtube?
Clearly a lot of people agree with Z and want the war to escalate… this isn’t COD or apex legends lol this is real life. If you really do feel so passionately that Ukraine needs help, why aren’t you there as a volunteer fighting with the Ukrainians? I don’t understand why any outsider would want this to escalate. Where the logic in wanting ww3?
Criminal president invited Putin a war criminal to discuss a deal
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
I dont know how much I trust the donation thing we are a in fact a Constitutional Republic not a Democracy the choice of wording is off-putting
Good 👍😂😂😂🎉
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Is wearing a suit required to be in the oval office?
What patience. He became argumentative with JD Vance and then with Trump because he didn’t like how JD Vance was responding to the reporter’s question. Vance didn’t say anything wrong to the reporter by saying Ukraine needs diplomacy. Zelenskyy has zero patience or respect.
Nice little stage act what a circus
The whole world - few nafoids and some of the leaders of European countries
Coked off his nut
Give me an example of russia not doing ceasfire violation
JD Vance should have ridden the back seat and not try to be a protagonist.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
salute to zalensky... he is stronger thn i though...
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Trump got the ceasefire, it fell apart once Biden got in… is this not obvious?
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Were good in America.
If someone feels fear of death of war, he/she knows what are the feelings of Ukranian people. They are waiting for unknown death. Now it is ready spread, it is better to stop as much as possible.
This shows the blind leading the blid, at our cost
Amazing content as always!
Alignment with the world is the phrase that stuck with me…😅 the USA has become incompetent at maintaining its own hegemony let alone aligning itself with the world…the leaders of our country seriously saying “they’ve seen the stories” on tv when another world leader is there discussing the on ground reality…what a disgusting media age to live in. Really great TV is the goal I guess.
You hear how he said sharing the licenses with you and ofcoarse the United States, separating trump, the republic, from the United States corporation. This is our true war.
This was not a meeting, this was a show. Very sad.
You explained this so well, thank you!
It&#39;s nice to have a full broadcast! This JD Vance guy went off diplomacy for sure
51st state
Wf.Trump things he can stop Putin
😡😡😡 this was humiliating Trump 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
it seems zelenzky just want war to continue, not negotiation
Great job, this video was very useful!
Ukraine doesn&#39;t have what America has, weapons. Turn your back Trump for good.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I noticed that too. The conversation is not what he expected.
„I hope I‘ll be known and recognized as a peacemaker“ is probably the most delulu thing I have heard Trump say so far. And there is a lot to pick from.
Literally says, ;Thank you so much. Thank you for the invitation.; right at the start @<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=185">3:05. Trump and his cabinet are blinded by their power. Sad.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Stop begging for our help. You and yours don&#39;t come back
This was very informative, appreciate it.
@@jonathanvales4635 No!!! We haven&#39;t given or provided anywhere near that much. That is Trump inflation. Try $182 billion in TOTAL of all kinds of aid.  Using the same categories of aid, Europe has, indeed, provided more aid. When separating out military aid, Europe has still provided more aid. And if we had stuck with it, it would have been worth it, but Trump,  and most Republicans - who cut arms funding to Ukraine for almost a year,  they all want Putin to win.We have actually gotten a bargain. We got to provide old military material that got field tested against an actual enemy without having to put our own troops at risk. We gained valuable information from our interactions with Ukraine. We are getting to replace it with improved weapons in new stocks. Some of what we supplied, such as missiles, were nearing their replacement dates. We got to curb the territorial goals of a thug who has made it quite plain since the mid 1990&#39;s that he wants to reconstitute the largest extent of the Russian Empire. He has particular fixations on Ukraine (obviously), Poland, Finland, and the Baltic States. Russia and the Soviet Union have severely abused and enslaved the residents of every place that they have invaded. They have never deserved any dominion over Eastern Europe due to their severe abuse of the people and draining of their economic wealth. I just wonder if you ever saw what East Germany was like after 40 years of Soviet occupation. Unlike West Germany, which was rebuilt and prospered, the Russians left many areas of East Germany and all the other ;satellite states; with the ravages of WWII.
В чем же он не прав если хочет остановить кровопролитие. В этой войне не все так однозначно. Правда, которую вы не хотите знать и принять в том что предыдущие Минские соглашения нарушила Украина и ЕС. Что важно они подтвердили что изначально не хотели их соблюдать потому что были в слабой позиции и вынуждены были подписать. Об этом после говорила Меркль. В итоге началась война часть вторая. Украина здесь не жертва России, а жертва запада, который использовал её как агрессивный по отношению к России блок и размещал там военные базы. Трамп это знает и понимает. Он также понимает что если бы себе такое позволила Канада или Мексика реакция США была ровно такой. Она и была такой во время карибского кризиса.
Z is the idiot
I&#39;m so terrible sorry for President Selenskyj that he has to deal with two predators now. Trump is the worst president the US could ever have.
South Africa needs to return the billion. Have a seat beggar
@@rw2452 You&#39;re right and I think even Zelensky would agree with you. Without American and European support, Ukraine is up the river without a paddle.I&#39;d have to give a long answer, but here&#39;s the short version: to Ukraine any peace deal without establishing long-term peace just kicks the can down the road. It means Russia will have time to recover all its losses and attack again in a few years and repeat until Ukraine is finally conquered. A long-term plan is possible - but only if the US is willing to help.And for their one card: they&#39;ve impressively held out against Russia and have been bleeding it dry. Russia&#39;s 3 day operation is now going on 3 years. They have maintained the US-led world order, kept Eastern Europe intact, and helped with US strategic interests (blocking a new USSR from forming, discouraging China from attacking Taiwan, etc.) at a relatively low cost.
Fr. America has never been the good guys
what a dumb comment
I love how you assume the whole world thinks and believes what you believe… you need to be humbled big time my friend
its like listening to a 3 year old. And people voted for this man
VP&#39;s behaviour was totally un called for.
zelensky is so dumb
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Wht the hell is this😮😮
Это ложь. А правда, которую вы не хотите знать и принять в том что Минские соглашения нарушила Украина и ЕС. Что важно они подтвердили что изначально не хотели их соблюдать потому что были в слабой позиции и вынуждены были подписать. Об этом после говорила Меркль. Украина здесь не жертва России, а жертва запада, который использовал её как агрессивный по отношению к России блок и размещал там военные базы. Трамп это знает и понимает. Он также понимает что если бы себе такое позволила Канада или Мексика реакция США была ровно такой. Она и была такой во время карибского кризиса.
Americans just want to own land, dig out resources, exploiting Ukraine, they just want to finance the war, while stealing the resources. They don&#39;t care about peace. A Money hungry nation. No deal, if the are no securities thats what the Ukrainian Presitent is fighting for, Trump is all talk but no action!!!!
To those who think Zelensky isn&#39;t ungrateful, watch <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2695">44:55 again.;From the very beginning of the war, we&#39;ve been alone.; That is a blatant lie. Without foreign aid, things wouldn&#39;t have turned out well for them at all. If that foreign aid means nothing to him, he should continue the war without it.He can say that diplomacy with Putin doesn&#39;t work all day long, but A: that&#39;s not true and B: it will end in an unimaginable tragedy if this war isn&#39;t ended diplomatically.But, let&#39;s say hypothetically, if he truly believes what he&#39;s saying there, then why does he even bother at all with negotiations? Just hand Ukraine over to Putin and be done with it, because that&#39;s the second best alternative to a diplomatic solution when it concerns the actual Ukranian people. The other two alternatives would be A: a Russian victory in the war, which is the same end result with a lot more destruction and death preceding it and also a lot less favorable terms, or B: a Ukranian ;victory; where Russia is defeated, but if you actually manage to corner Putin into military defeat, what do you think is going to happen? He may well press ;the button; as a last resort and that&#39;s something we all want to avoid.That&#39;s what Trump means when he says that Zelensky doesn&#39;t have the cards to negotiate that. It&#39;s a position of complete delusion.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1135">18:55 ;a lot of Americans have a problem; no sire...All American ls have a problem, and it probably wasn&#39;t even majority vote,Funny how these main stream news outlets never mention the gerrymandering.
They took everything regardless of the age of the weapons. What&#39;s your point?
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
look at his eyes,look at his movements on ukranian clown,its obvious hes on hard drugs
You explained this so well, thank you!
america doesnt owe you shit, if you want support you need to humble and acknowledge youre situation, Trump was exactly right
<a ="http:/results?search_query=%23prayalways">#PrayAlways in Jesus Christ amen
JD Vance is the guy, who started to escalate that with saying things about disrespect. What an asshole!!! Is this really, how the negotiations should look like?
Prior to this meeting Trump lied and said Ukraine starte this war and called Zelensky a dictator. He was impeached of asking Zelensky to dig up dirt on Biden. And Zelensky said Trump was manipulated by Russian misinformation.Reporter: What do you say to people that think you align yourself too much with Putin?Trump: I align myself with everyone to make a deal. I align myself with no one. I care about America. Europe. The world. Just inconstant word salad to get himself out of the question as if he has a clue what he&#39;s talking about.Vance, trying to defend Trump and kiss up and spin alignment: We aren&#39;t aligning ourselves with Putin because we had a bad President before this (Bad President = anyone who is not Trump) who never tried Diplomacy. This exposes just how ingorant JD Vance is on foreign policy and history with Russia.Zelensky (who has been making this point all throughout the meeting reiterates that has been tried and doesn&#39;t work: We have already signed cease fires, he has violted them repeatedly.Vance gets defensive that somone questions him and points out his ignorance and basically says, don&#39;t question us and show respect and gratitude or we will not help you and says did you say thanks this whole meeting. He did at the start. He attacks Zelensky saying you have problems without us. Zelensky questions what Vance really knows and invites him to come see for himself.Vance doubles down on his defensiveness and inexperience  and responds with: I watched it on TV or Twitter or YT and calls Zelensky a propgandist, without the slightest bit of self awareness and irony.Trump gets defensive and dips into his only well, everything before didn&#39;t work and he broke ceasefires because I was not President and that was the only problem. Trump was president for some of that period and ceasefires were broken.Reporter asks what makes you so sure that Putin will not break a cease fire considering he has done it over 25 times over 11 years even while you were President?Trump exposes his real and only foreign policy, it will work because I&#39;m President and everyone respects me, and only me. And the respect for me will prevent it. This is child like thinking made up in his head. And since this meeting Trump has alienated all of America&#39;s allies that we&#39;ve built over decades in less than a month. Because the do not respect him or trust him. The opposite of what he believes and claims. And astounding and rapid destruction in of years of work in a short period of time.He also spends most of this meeting attacking his opposition candidates and rehashing his insecurities of being attacked during the campaign. He won the election and instead of spending time governing he believes he&#39;s still in the campaign. Reporter: What happens if he breaks it.Trump: Dimisses the question because Trump has no plan. His plan is that his mere prescense is the solution to everything. Trump has put America in an isolated and vulnerable position and the world in a destabilized one. And it escalates he has not plan to help and support the American people becuase he doesn&#39;t care. he lacks the depth or knowledge of history. The concern of the implications of his actions. The delecacy of the situation. And he will not bear the responsitility of his actions. He will only blame others. His only loyalty is to his ego and his power. And will and has, throw America and Americans under the bus to preserve both. America will pay a huge price for electing such incompetent leadership. And a heaftier one for not immediately forcing the hand of congress and the powers of checks and balances to hold this man accountable  and remove him before it gets that bad.And the spineless Republicans who clearly know better—like Rubio and Graham and Johnson,—recognize these issues sit there complicit. They do exercise  their constitutional power, duty or live up to their responsibilites to the country and Constitution. They do not act in the best interest of the country and continue to fail to respond remove this man before bad goes to worse.
@@dbk9761 where is the proof of $350b? trump says a lot of nonsense
If you actually paid attention and didn’t have confirmation bias, Zelenskyy speaks only a little less than Trump, and Trumps in his own house. So yeah he will speak a bit more.
Not a singel penny for this corrupt, dictator Clown....
Very well done, appreciate this video!
That looked like the plan was to put Zelenskyy in a position where they could say he was difficult to work with. He wants some sort of security for the nation, they want the minerals and nothing else - maybe the US can annex the mines and leave the rest to Russia?
Ceasefire! That’s all what Trump says. But knowing Russian history. They don’t do ceasefire. Violation.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=80">1:20 and Trump is already lying.  like 90% of that money is the price of weapons years old at least. some are decades old. you allready spent that money
Z looks heated as soon as the cameras started rolling.  Trump 🕊️💯
@@RetroMadhouseliveonly money is important to you??😖 What kind of heartless individual are you?🤷🤷
never....
@@TheWorldsOkayestUSMarinebrother we just watched the man torpedo an entire diplomatic meeting that was going fairly well, all because he has this weird idea that putin would respect a ceasefire. (He won’t by the way, he’s proven that, and just because this administration might have ties to him doesn’t change that)
Are they asking him about his clothing? Seriously? Maybe it would have been more appropriate to ask that question when Elon Musk was parading around the White House in a t-shirt and a baseball cap... I think the question itself was more out of place than Zelensky&#39;s outfit. Is the USA still a country or a private enterprise run by these (gentle)men?
German and EU give zero....
Pathetic!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=483">8:03 that time he says raw earth about 20 times.
JD Vance is a right, royal doos and I am beginning to appreciate Trump&#39;$ arrogance even less. Trump wants Zelenski to ask for more ( Oliver ). Could I have some more Sir, screw JD Vance with compliments from South Africa.
Random letters and numbers named accounts with no content on their page less than a year old... Yeah you checked out bot boy
What a low level from the USA. Zero diplomacy. But what else can you expect? This country isn’t run by politicians or diplomats but by businessmen. Entrepreneurs who have turned a country once full of people with dreams, future plans, and faith in a better tomorrow into a business for making 💲
Holdakæft Trump er den største Nar usa har haft, som President og de 2 andre nikkedukker er helt uden for række vide. Undskyld mit sprog men kan ik sige noget pænt om demDet ser skidt ud for USA😢, gør noget ved det inden det er forsent
Free Ukraine 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
last two minutes are the most important part and the truth about the situation at hand.!
Have you listened the same thing that I was listening???
Great job, this video was very useful!
its the american way. gaslighting is a term that only came from america
@@RetroMadhouselive Why are you laughing? What Trump is doing is stabbing all those Americans in the back who liberated Europe in WW2 and in many cases had to pay for it with their lives. Your father, grandfather, family member or whoever. All died for nothing.
@michaelayo1953  how hard is it for Trump to admit that Putin is a murderous psychopathic dictator who needs to be stopped? How hard is it for Trump to admit that Putin started this war by invading Ukraine, and therefore Putin is 100% at fault? Trump is a spineless coward who can&#39;t admit to either of those facts. He must like sucking Putin&#39;s dick too much. The deal he was trying to get signed would have given the US an extreme amount of Ukraine&#39;s natural mineral wealth in exchange for only the promise of peace, with no security guarantees. We all know that Putin&#39;s and Trump&#39;s word is worth jack shit. Why on Earth would Zelensky take that deal?
;but look; said a small boy from the crowd, ;the emperor isn&#39;t wearing any clothes at all;
America is short on minerals that can be used  for battery in the car ect...America don&#39;t have what you have Zelensky .  turn the back to America for good man.
@fn1156  Yeah, that makes sense. You&#39;re smarter than everyone else so it only takes you a few minutes of analyzing.
Это ложь. Минские соглашения нарушила Украина и ЕС и даже после подтвердили что изначально не собирались их выполнять. Вы ж с  Украины. Пишите ложь обманывая себя и других.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
trumptin and vanctler making sure the world still hates america the most
Zelenskyy good JOB!!!!
The Vice President ruined everything
Land of Indiots and grugies😅
@@michaelayo1953bro please tell me your endgame here? 1. America stuck funding an endless war (0 chance)2 America gives them heavy weaponry and triggers ww3 (absolutely no chance to risk that for such an ungrateful, uncooperative and entitled country)3. Ukraine forces  eu troops to join and potentially triggers ww34. Ukraine inevitably  surrenders eventually over unsustainable personel count5. They take a chance  on trumps dealWhat other choice does he think he has? Never come back to our White House you undiplomatic idjiot
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
As a Canadian, your dictator can go fuck himself and his vice president can go fuck a couch. Back to hell, demons.
The disappointment in Zelensky&#39;s face at the start when Trump start talking about how the war needs to end now and the money needs to be spent on rebuilding. When Trump said use the money on rebuilding instead, that is the first time Zelensky makes a reaction by swiping one side of his nose with his finger and inhaling with the other nostril. You cant make this up. 😂 😂
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Zelensky did not good. He could have ended the war right there
I was a huge hater of the USA in last 4 years, as I thought that my live is in danger as well as my country. Because USA was the one responsible for every war at our globe. Now you have Trump, and this guy is doing same as 5 years ago, he is closing conflicts, a real peacemaker. He makes USA what USA should be. I am so proud of this guy and of americans that chose him. I am sure he will kick this ;democratic;(dictator) president zelejnsky out of his office and end the war. I hope he will also bring some wisdom to EU and help us get rid of this cancer that is currently in charge.
He supposed to come to sign peace agreement...
It is less about zelensky..he was talking normally..rather it was Trump and Vance who got riled up at the face of defeat. - Being a weak country leader, zelensky is being targeted but that&#39;s always how he communicated since the war started.. ;it&#39;s us now, soon it will West EU and UK....and US won&#39;t have a Nato to defend;.- Presidents of the US and the UK will appear more frustrated and annoyed with time as all their policies fail and hit them in their face and as Vance said many times....infront of the American media... infront of its people. - <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23whyzelenskyshouldthank">#WhyzelenskyshouldThank the west? Afterall it was the US &amp; the EU to promise #;Nato-cum-netflix  membership; and now they are all finding <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23excuses">#excuses and don&#39;t even provide Military tech on #;time; to help the Ukrainians fight their <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23insecurity">#insecurity fueled desperation against communism.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
@@Axel_AndersenIf we’re going to be reliable, yes the EU combined has contributed more than America, 27 countries vs 1 country. Ex: America has contributed roughly 113 Billion in US. Using the same currency, Europe as a whole, 145 Billion. That’s not good.
если бы Зеленский любил свой народ и хотел ему блага, он бы молил о мире все стороны и все страны, а не просил оружие у них
You don&#39;t want a peace?
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
trump and vance are thugs !
@@TheWorldsOkayestUSMarineeven few minutes were enough to knew it
OMG Trump is so full of shit,  He stopped wars before they were wars!!! Hahahahahaha!!! Such a fricken shithead.
@@rw2452dude. He was very obviously trying to explain to Vance the feeling of what his country is dealing with. Vance was being obtuse (probably intentionally) and so he told him point blank that Russia would be a problem in the future if putin was allowed to take whatever the wanted. This is how adults should talk, but the snowflakes in the White House got upsetHe’s right by the way, if putin gets what he wants he’ll keep pushing for more, just like Hitler did in the 30s. No one believed he would back then
2 minutes in and zilinsky is jumping like a Mexican jumping bean.
Zelenski they don&#39;t care about your people ! they care about minerals and what you have that they don&#39;t have .. They but you in the shit  and  they are stepping out !!
I love ❤ Zelenskyy
Trump does not represent all of us in America. Pls forgive us.
zelensky, just quit the war. Stop forcing men to fight
@ all your usaid crowd on payroll. lol
Trump is the best president in world
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Wołyń we remember!
trump and putin have a sexual relationship
America is no longer a superpower. Hilarious stuff.
He was only there because he told trump team he was coming to sign the deal l and cooperate on peace. But had no intention ins signin g anything. He has done this twice now BOTH TIMES ON LIVE TV. To try and squeeze the US. Is this re traded? He sabotaged Trumps plan to help  UKRAINE find peace. But this idjiot hasn’t kept his word. He took 180 billion of our money and won’t even flmkn cooperate with us FOR HIS DMAN COUNTRY.1.There is no other way out but  a peace deal with Americ2. Surrender 3. We give them heavy weaponry and trigger ww3( this will never happen) So if he won’t sign the deal there’s no point funding the inevitable
Is this the real president of the USA???  ; security is easy, we come everybody stop shooting; Is this the plan which will stop the war for a day??? Are these the real journalists in USA- Why don&#39;t you wear a suit???
zelensky aint getting shit, but this message could be conveyed politely to a beggar
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This is pure comedy show😂😂😂
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
@bendraper87  Zelinsky is also not a psychic and has no right trying to tell the president who will or will not be a problem for the US. By doing so, he is implying that we as a nation would not be able to deal with Russia if they ever tried. Zelinsky said that as a scare and intimidation tactic. Trying to scare the president into not negotiating with Russia so we would give them more support or a better position in the negotiations so he could win and go home and play big hero.
Fr
America is in danger with that man
Zelensky was disagreeable and uncooperative with everything JD and Trump said. We’re extending our hand to save his country and he has the nerve to say we will have a war with Russia in the future? You don’t have the cards. Take what they’re giving you, if Trump can work out a ceasefire with Putin you’d be an idiot not to take it considering your country is surviving on our assistance.
&#39;Raw earth&#39; ? What the hell is this clown talking about?
I would have slapped the not-sees
You can tell 90% of the commenters here have zero idea about how all this started, about the 2014 coup of Ukraine to install a puppet government led by the CIA, to Bidens dealings with Burisma, to NATOs creep since 1990 ever closer to Russias border despite saying they won&#39;t move one inch east of east Berlin, to the real cause of the war, which is to control Europes energy market. This is why Biden blew up the Nordsteam pipeline.  Yet so many comments here are so confident whos the baddy here.  Give me a fkn break, maybe it&#39;s Trump derangement syndrome.  Maybe it&#39;s years of propaganda and not changing the tv channel or thinking critically.  Maybe it&#39;s bots.  Maybe it&#39;s just retards?
Bunch of f…king puppets 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Trump hopes he’ll be recognised as a peacemaker!!😂😂😂😂😂
Mad respect for President Zelenskyy&#39;s patience.
JD Vance turns out to be a bad bad Villian here.
@ I agree.
Shits gets real at about <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=715">11:55
So much powertripping gng
Do you expect free money flow???
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Where did the interview take a turn I’m lost, I found it. Looks like Vance has no filter and I guess forced Donald to get aggressive and back him
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Bulling 😢
;We appreciate working with you very much Ukraine, but only if you give us your minerals;
Zelensky&#39;s whole demeaner is false.
Last minutes looks like they are both drunk 😅
I agree, but he can’t make that demand.  We’ve already given him $350b- and it’s gone nowhere.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Trump has made the US the most hated country in the world. Very sad, the people who voted for him, I hope you are proud
america&#39;s goverment are all clowns
That&#39;s American for you when pushing to do something always think twice. They ain&#39;t gonna finish what they started with you
As a citizen of Europe I&#39;m very shocked... Actually I&#39;m not. USA leadership is a joke and all Americans should be ashamed for the stupidity and arrogance of both your President and VP.Openly lying and not even successfully, because the world knows they are both full of shit. We are a resilient people in EU, if we have to part with luxuries to keep supporting Ukraine we will do what is needed. Maybe it&#39;s time to leave USA to do their thing until someone smarter then a toddler is in the Whitehouse and we do ours as a united Europe (including Ukraine).
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I&#39;m and my friend&#39;s with the Ukraine brave president ❤ All young generations with you brave president of Ukraine
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I believe that Donald Trump and J.D Vance said what was needed to be said to Zelenskyj.He deserved to be informed about reality, Zelenskyj has received far too much air under his wings so to speak.When you, as a guest, come to the oval room and do not show the respect , especially when you meet D.Trump and J.D Vance, you deserve a reminder of it, just as both Donald Trump and J.D Vance pointed out in their own way.
poor Ukrainas ambasador....
Zelensky claims Putin took parts of the east in 2014: Not true. That puts killed people: Not true. Not a single person lost their lives when the people of Crimea voted to reunite with Russia. But during this time Ukraine was shelling innocent people in the Donbass.
Does trump has guts to speak like this in front of his dad Israel?
Haven&#39;t you got school to attend?​@@DeutscherKreuzfahre
Dear Remaining IRS Employees, please do your part by staging a WORK SLOWDOWN.   We, The People, will flood the IRS by MANUALLY filing ;FRIVOLOUS; FEDERAL tax returns; with lots of complications, schedules and extensions. INCLUDING NOTES saying things like:★;I do NOT feel safe. I will not and cannot be compelled to divulge my personal and corporate financial information to the insecure, unauthorized, unqualified, non civil service vetted Muskrats of your questionable, murky specious DOGE!; ★AND ;&#39;No taxation without representation&#39; no one elected Elon Musk to the Oval Office, where is his constituency?;OR ;Sorry, I had to use my Federal income tax to pay for my <i>___</i> that  was  covered by <i>____</i> Federal Department/Agency_<i>___</i> before President  47 delayed my funds;OR;I am afraid to file federal income tax because of all the uncertainty and disruptions that have been introduced into our economy by the presidents imprudent policies and tarrifs. I am Forced to hold onto every dollar that I have; OR;I am awaiting my tax cuts coming from DOGE shrinking the Federal government, the interest accrued from delayed payments out, AND draining the swamp Once I see them, I will pay my federal income tax;OR;I aim to be SMART like our 47th President and not pay federal taxes. He did it first!;OR;I cannot give you the whereabouts of my funds because I don&#39;t feel safe.;OR;I sent my federal taxes to my state to be held in escrow until the male who would be king  releases ALL of our states Congressionally approved funds. ;OR;______;Can our tax experts please weigh in with more guidance?Spread the word! Flood the system.~~~~~RESIST My Fellow Americans,  RESIST! strike down at the root cause of all this nonsense!  Deflate and derail 31% in his pursuit of führer by hitting him in the pockets. √ 31% says he <b>IS</b> the federal gubmint. √ Supreme Tax Break Dispenser and Champion of the Billionaires says he is smart not to pay his taxes. √ The J6 Seditious Pretendsident says that there will be no more elections.  √ (F)elon and the Muskrats are hellbent upon taking a chain saw to eviscerate our gubmint agencies and all the beneficial services they provide. √ Putin&#39;s Puppet is systematically dismantling our defenses. √ The Pnssy Grabber is isolating the USofA just like domestically violent sociopaths do.   √ d&#39;Rump and his Oligarch bosses to whom he is beholden are usurping democracy before our very eyes.  √ GOD. HELP US to help ourselves!  The Nazi Saluter has access to the TREASURY and ALL our details!!!!!! Sound the ALARM!!! Hide your money whilst you can!!! <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23shiftshitnow">#ShiftShitNOW So is April 15 time pay tribute to the  Convict in Chief and his greedy pirate pals‽ HELL TO THE NAW! RESIST by Manually FILING FRIVOLOUS TAX RETURNS with NOTES!  <a =":nwtrcc.org/resist/frequently-asked-questions/frivolous-filing/">:nwtrcc.org/resist/frequently-asked-questions/frivolous-filing/Guess who ultimately holds the power of the purse? Certainly not 31% and not even this milquetoast rubber stamp Congress but rather THE TAXPAYERS! Time to let them know...  NOT ON MY DIME! We request that the remaining IRS employees stage a WORK SLOW DOWN. <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23irsemployees">#irsemployees Since talk is cheap. We challenge the Regretful, the Negatively Impacted, the Third Party Voters and the Abstainers to lead the way. Please share far and wide.<a ="http:/results?search_query=%23notonmydime">#notonmydime<a ="http:/results?search_query=%23notaxationwithoutrepresentation">#notaxationwithoutrepresentation<a ="http:/results?search_query=%23wearealsosmart">#wearealsosmart <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23justsayfederalno415">#justsayfederalno415 <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23justsayfederalnoaprilfifthteenth">#justsayfederalnoaprilfifthteenth <a ="http:/results?search_query=%23notonmydime">#notonmydime<a =":en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slowdown">:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slowdown
CoolStory bra
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Zelinsky  1.2 milion Ukrainas people will not come back...as long you are president....
@@Anastex So you support Zelenskyy on wearing casuals? I dont understand the point.And how do you know him so clearly and even know me at all, to say all this.I&#39;ve already been clear in stating that its up to him.Everyone is a grown up there. and is expected to answer for themselves.
Agent Orange in the White House
So JD said in the first few word that Russia invaded Ukraine. He might just get fired from his job
Agent Orange in the White House
JD is an instigator and shit starter. He sat back, relaxed and smiled after he accomplished his goal. Trump should be leery of him.
Agent Orange in the White House
This should never have been broadcast in front of the world but Trump loves to showboat instead of being diplomatic. He talks about money, raw earth and not much about peace….speaks volumes
Agent Orange in the White House
That about children is not truth....this is a lie...
YEAH TRUMP. IT&#39;S CALLED AN INVASION. A WAR. AND NOT UNLIKE YOUR PROUD BOYS TRASHING THE CAPITAL. POLITICAL VIOLENCE AGAINST AMERICANS
The Ukrainian was good when the US wanted it, and now the US doesn&#39;t want it anymore, so he should fall on his knees and do good to the Yankees, and there is a scandal because the impudent Ukrainian dares not to feel like it, like the Others, more respect for people who had balls and fought for over 10 years with Russia
so true...........says a white man 😞
@@jonathanvales4635because that implies you’d be the aggressor? Zelenskyy was saying Putin will be a problem if you don’t stop him now, not Zelenskyy will do something if America don’t stop him. Again it’s a prediction not a threat.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1123">18:43 ;President Zelenskyy why don&#39;t you wear a suit?; Zelenskyy&#39;s face contorted out of disbelief while Trump and other reporters smiling and laughing at this question. Certainly the best question to ask when tens of thousands of innocent lives are taken away. This is America and the rest of the world today.
Good. He&#39;s lucky he got 1 penny out of us
Vance is the one who started contentious statements and then Trump started in. Zelenskyy had to listen to Trump lies all through the press conference. Trump is a liar and an idiot
trump is a legend
Surrounded by arrogant fools. Not sure what to expect of Americans.
Vance really fucked that up. Trump had to back him up in order to not loose face but he thought just the same.
wwe drama
Agent Orange in the White House
Publicity ^
I&#39;m not American but Vance seems to be a complete asshole.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Lol ask us if we care 😂  Ukraine will be a thing of the past soon
Vladimir, I didn&#39;t know that you were also registered on YouTube!
Trump favorite questions was “ do you think you will be remembered as a peace-keeper”? Congrats USA, you chose your leader
It is highly likely that Putin and Trump have made a deal over Iran and Ukraine in Saudi Arabia.
Not the guy taking billions from us for a losing war 🤣 he&#39;s lucky he got a dollar off the taxpayers
@@T-sz7oiconsidering this government owns most of social media platforms you are really far from the truth. Also considering you have a president that answers only to what he wants
Trump, you are telling Ukraine to cease fire. Why you never said the same to police when your ear was shot? The guy was killed.Why USA didn&#39;t cease fire after 9/11 and instead Osama Bin Laden was killed by a U.S. military special operations unit? Maybe because that&#39;s what men with balls do to terrorists: kill them? You are just being a pus*y that wants money.
Trump is a low-IQ, middle-school bully who is actually a coward.  The rest of Trump&#39;s posse of clowns are cowards who don&#39;t want to get bullied themselves. There are no words for JD Vance who is like  a frightened school girl dressed up with mommy&#39;s eye-liner and lipstick.
The VP of USA should not be there. It went well only for the two presidents. The problem with this VP is that he feels that he is the president of the USA.
- I will end this war in 1 day- could you provide guarantees? - I&#39;Mcool- and what if not?- AND WHAT IF A ROCKET FLYES THROUGHT THE WINDOW
@@hulssen9вперед. Езжай защищать диктатора наркомана Зеленского. Из далекой сытой Америки легко так говорить
Zelinsky is not there....!!!!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
our offices etiquette is foul. jd is nasty and so is trump
After this interview the Americans must have started respecting Zelansky but not to Trump😂 what a coward this Trump is, he says he wants to stop the American tax spending in Russian vs Ukraine war and never try to critisize on Putin, is he puppet of Russia 😂
Zelinsky came to save his country, Trump  came for placidity the possible “historical” title
sing-iya man ni sila pataas ug ihi ui 😢...wa juy masulbad nga problema kng puro tag-as ug garbo....praying for this troubled world and the leaders of all nations....💖❤️‍🔥👑💝🩵🤍💚🙏🙏🙏... Let there be love,understanding,humility and peace🌍🕊️
Wow, I’ve never seen a president speak so much at a meeting with another president and especially whilst sharing the stage with a newly elected president who doesn’t care to share the limelight. This war is about natural resources and nothing more. Their neighbours want to keep it close and others don’t want that to happen and are willing to help on a count of them sharing those resources if they help them. This isn’t a brutal war, there’s no genocide involved, plain and simple we need access to those resources if we help is what’s being said. A lot of car production slowed down severely because of this war over resources because they make car chips that are needed in production. They also make a lot of other small yet very important components to other parts for other industries.
I see. Vence forcing Zelensky to thank the US and Trump very aggressively f   ked things up and Trump started to be mad and started to swear Biden and Obama  OMG
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
7 minutes 45 seconds,,,
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
What dooshballs these Reporters are.. They literally TRYING TO HOSE THE US! AND KEEP PEOPLE fighting...TRADERS LIVES MATTERs NOT to these idiots ..i am pist..He is a idiot..AWEsome! Luv Trump is the best!,, there country is about to be destroyed.. BIDEN IS A CROOKED SCAMING SNAKE!
In two years or sooner, we will feel that it was a big mistake to have these on power. We will feel we were wrong to bring him back to oval office!
Just our two jerks
At least negotiate with kind understanding. There&#39;s an app for that, it&#39;s called respect
@@1967reso Don&#39;t really think that has been a thing for a while now. Not since smoking in public spaces has been outlawed in pretty much every state in the country.
Trump and Vance are the rude dogs themselves. And not Zelensky as they claim. If a world war breaks out it will be the fault of Trump and all Americans who voted for him.As a European I will never set foot on American soil again as long as this criminal and his buddy Vance are in power. Let&#39;s all boycott the US!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Pretty sure Russia didn&#39;t blow up thier own pipeline
Zelensky calls terrorist and a killer a terrorist and a killer. what a disrespectful man... so let Trump protect his passion
@1967reso  Thanks Europe. I hope yall win your battles on immigration and free speech. Stay strong. The US has your backs.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This should never have been broadcast in front of the world but Trump loves to showboat instead of being diplomatic. He talks about money, raw earth and not much about peace….speaks volumes
“I’ve stopped wars. I’ve stopped many wars. I’ve stopped wars before they ever started. Right now there is a nation thinking of going to war over something that no one in this room has ever heard about. Two smaller nations but big still big and I think I’ve stopped it.”What planet does this guy live on 😂
Everything was going ok at the beginning, what happened.  Sheesh.
And by the way, hasn&#39;t a cigar ever been moistened in a somewhat unconventional way in this respected room?
Bro you can not defend a chicken from a ruster 😂You joker you lost your country Joker
Less than 60 seconds in Trump talks about digging digging digging.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Зеленский под кокаином
I think trump pretty much lost his chance of getting rare earth minerals. What a childish boob
JD is a pompous,  rude, bottom  licking, agitator riding on the Trump train. I’d be embarrassed to be associated to such a phallic head! Oh and did I mention…..a condescending twat? They treated zelensky as a norty little boy!
unfortunately Zelensky is a liar. How can Putin break 27 agreements since 2014? Russia had no agreement with Ukraine regarding the Donbass. The Mink agreements were agreements between the people of the Donbass and Ukraine, Russia was an observer, as was France and Germany. Zelensky broke all of those agreements, and kept murdering his own people. 14, 000, mostly women and children. The people of the Donbass pleaded with Russia for eight long years for help.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Trump and Vance definitely had this all choreographed and  ambushed him from his arrival at the Whitehouse, with his clothing remark. Trumps Stooge reporter brought it up again at the meeting... setting Zelensky up for the ambush proper. The stooge wasn&#39;t there when Elon Musk was in the Cabinet Office in his T Shirt and Baseball Cap, strangely.I was starting to enjoy Trump. But his, and Vances humiliation of a country&#39;s President   who is striving to save his country from a real Tyrant, was disgraceful We, UK, Europe, do not need him. Really, we don&#39;t.
@@shadymistkennelsave your efforts for China because you are going to need all you have got. And all this while you have 0 allies.
Thank you for the great content!
This dude was just on live tv demanding LIFE LONG MONEY FROM USA OR HE WONT STOP THE WAR. HE IS SAD HE WANTS MONEY MONEY MONEY FOR LIFE.
@@SchoolVideosGoHere  OK, valid point. However, that&#39;s all Zelensky has right now. Without this peace deal, he&#39;s on his own. He ;doesn&#39;t have any cards;.
God forgive the whit men because in the order to satisfact hes ambición goin to is own destrucción
Я з України. Я підтримую Зеленського в цьому. Ви просто в житті не бачили стільки воєнних на вулицях. Майже всі чоловіки воєнні. І він залишився з нами на початку війни в дома. Нікуди не їхав. Тому, це підтримка нашої країни в такий важливий час. Я з Дніпра, куди прилітала ракета ;Орешнік;. І я була дома. В 5 ранку, а після цього прилетіло 5 балістик. Ця ракета розриває цілий дім. З 3 під&#39;їздами, 9 поверхами. Тому, про костюм вибачте, не дуже приємно.
Just another example of the Incompetents and under-educated people Americans voted into the Whitehouse! Their ;White Supremacy not-z hatred;, along with their feelings of ;Entitlement; trumps everything else! DJT will take down America just like ALL of his failed businesses. But this time he can&#39;t simply claim bankruptcy or say once again to Americans,  ;Sue me, everybody else is!; Patriots. People saw who was the REAL ADULT in the room.
The man&#39;s name is Zelensky.Lewinski is the name of the woman whose ham wallet your president slipped a cigar into in the Oval Office.
Where is kekius maximus Musk?
say what you will about how Trump handled this, but Kamala would have rolled over like a dog
It was surprisingly diplomatic until JD jumped in just for shits and giggles
Remember Earthling , not all opinions on social media are worth your energy. Focus on what uplifts and informs you!
Poor Zelenskyy came to talk about his people dying like flies and all Trump wants to do is talk about Biden. Please Mr Trump we are all aware you won, it’s over now so time to move on. We all realize how great you are so can we change the subject now please
@@jonathanvales4635The U.S. has given around 120 billion most of which was reinvested into the U.S. The U.S. spent about $30 billion on some kind of aid. And then the USA replenished its own arms (for about $50 billion) and gave the old stuff to Ukraine (depreciated, it cost about $18 billion). That&#39;s $48 billion worth of money/stuff that Ukraine received.You are a victim of disinformation. The U.S. hasn’t sent anywhere near 300 billion.
I&#39;m trying to watch this I really am but he makes me so sick.
Oh my god, this is hard to watch. Poor Z! How trite and extremely insensitive T is to say ;they don&#39;t like each other, this is not a love match;. You can see Z struggling to master his outrage and disbelief. He&#39;s just told T that Putin doesn&#39;t recognise his country and wants to destroy it, the Ukrainian language, culture, infrastructure....and then he blames Biden for Putin&#39;s crimes! Trump says ;my whole life is deals; - how very sad. And Putin had to ;suffer; through the Russia hoax??? Does T even recognise a despot when he sees one? ;You see the hatred this guy has for Putin?; Shocking. Putin invaded his country and is trying to destroy it. And then Vance says Trump is engaging in diplomacy...right before he shows his true colours. As soon as Z offers a real questioning of the diplomacy and American attitude, Vance becomes a bully and not only tries to shut him down, he insults him. Trump should have stopped this, right at this point, before it escalated in front of millions. Not diplomacy, not skillful, but reckless beyond belief.
Raw earth?
Why does it matter that Zelensky doesn&#39;t wear a suit. I think it&#39;s great that he downplay himself into being in line with his people that are fighting. It matters that he cares about his people. That was a stupid question. Who cares?
I hate this grifter you Reichwing morons call your president! He didn&#39;t care one iota about the Ukrainians. Fucking disgusting!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Less than 60 seconds in Trump talks about digging digging digging.
If the US would get invaded men like Vance would give up their country for free. Omg, what happened to the US.
A one retarded whos thing own the world
Vance&#39;s question: ;HAVE YOU SAID THANK YOU ONCE  IN THIS ENTIRE MEETING?*I counted them. Zelenski said thank you AT LEAST 6 times during the entire meeting .
Agreement was broken by NATO and U.S not Russia go and have a taste of history guys
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
@Axel_Andersen  you need to check the state department website there buddy because 350 billion has been given in weapons, military aid, NATO aid for surrounding countries, USAID aid, and other methods since the invasion for Crimea. So, no lies are coming from over this way. If you want the link, I&#39;ll be more than happy to provide it, and that&#39;s just a rough estimate as I don&#39;t have time to sit here like a member of DOGE and crunch all the numbers. Those are just the number the state department is reporting. That don&#39;t include any funding given to their government by unknown sources within the US like the CIA either.
For everyone, who tries to protect Zelensky.He is betrayer of his country. He doesn&#39;t want to stop this war. Because war is only thing that helps him to stay as president. If war ends, he ends up in jail. And he know it.
Mr. Z redeemed himself  around 31 mins on in he&#39;s catching on.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
An epic and most monumental breakdown and failure on the level of negotiations and strategic communication:  Do not go to the press unless and until there is smoke blowing from the chimney (consensus).  Both parties failed themselves and each other here. Zelensky&#39;s face and frustration, at minute 19, foretold what was to come. Vance was in no position to address Zelensky, as a junior to the latter&#39;s counterpart - who was present.But Putin loved, I bet, every minute of this. Europe, the US and Ukraine are not singing from the same hymn.
Here is the true face of Ukraine ..... illiteracy, shortsightedness ... and is unconditionally hysterism. Zelensky&#39;s way !!  You brought your country to collapse !!!  You come to the property in Europe.  Soking the money from his people ... Twal Zadoga buys jewelry for a lot of money .... Desposite Zelensky ... sting the people of Ukraine !!
for sure, not so big as your mom
Trump was very half assed about this meeting. Totally unprepared. What a mediocre effort on the part of America. And now trump has screwed up his raw earth minerals. What an incompetent boob
Sad to see they have no respect for Zelenskyy
Agent Orange in the White House.
;Your country is in a big trouble;;I know I know;;You are not winning this;;I kno...;
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
До войны начали ненавидеть русских, говорили что нужно уничтожить их ядерным оружием, а потом плачут и просят о помощи весь мир! Может не нужно было выебываться на того кто сильнее? Со всего мира помощь идет, Россия воюет против всего мира, может пора помочь России, чтобы справедливость восстановить?
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump is so full of himself !!
@@T-sz7oi who you callin bot, bot
Best regards from Europe! 🥰
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Started well, did not end well.
Trump was so calm and cool until JD stepped in and Zelenski said stupid things like ;you will fell the problems;. Well if someone threten my country like that I would be pissed off too.
Was für ein dummes Arschloch der S.
What a wise ass ;I will wear a costume ; classic disrespect from  pigheaded person who doesn&#39;t know how to filter his thoughts and control his emotions. Bad choice for a leader in a difficult situation. I do like him but I&#39;ve dealt with many of his type.Trump has to answer his security needs and not with the UN Peace Keeping sissies, I don&#39;t even the Nato is safe, You need Executive outcomes to take care of buiz if they break the rules, ;Colonel Kurtz Rules to the Game; lol
Everyone is picking on Zelenskyy but I thought he was pretty good and telling some home truths about being a neighbor to Putin until JD attacked him <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2532">42:12 then it fell apart from there
@@T-sz7oi says the mf with the clearly bot name
Zelensky&#39;s such a little twat
“This is gonna be great television I can tell you that” Fuckin A. Trump and Vance are superb
This was super helpful, thanks!
......one of the most respected offices in the world   🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Your idea of how the world looks at you is completely out of touch with reality. Fascist government and a population that is half idiots and half narcissists. Nobody respects you, you are a laughing stock with a large military apparatus.
You explained this so well, thank you!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=239">3:59
Ukraine is fighting a war for survival against Russia and now is also attacked by Russians owning the White House.. sad.
1 month being at president&#39;s seat and this man had a fight and was rude to EVERYONE he dealt with. calling himself ;a great dealer with high IQ;. USA people please impeach this person and send him to a mental hospital
Иди и воюй за Украину, если такой хороший и правильный. Докажи на деле.
Security is part of the deal. Trump is grossly unprepared. And what is raw earth. What the hell is he talking about.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
And we playing with refrigeration more that smb don&#39;t see me on internet without Issues my secretary
this is difficult to watch ~
Zelensky doesn&#39;t like this deal and wants to continue negotiating in front of the cameras.  Trump thinks the deal has been arranged.  This is the standard press conference at which both leaders are supposed to smile and say nice things to build each other up.  Zelensky should have made sure he was satisfied with their deal before he agreed to this public meeting.  He&#39;s appearing to back out on it in front of the cameras, which makes Trump look foolish, which is guaranteed to undo whatever deal they thought they had agreed to.  Zelensky is far too accustomed to playing the rock star to fawning U.S. and European left-wing diplomats and Congress members and getting constant supplies of new money and weapons.  He thinks he can dictate more than he can and doesn&#39;t want peace if it means compromises.  He thinks the U.S. will win his war for him.  Trump is too realistic to attempt that.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
My country (Mongolia) not separated by ocean with Russia, but not problem with Russia
No one asked Zelwnsky about his Gay dance 😂😂😂😂
The US decides who wins. How about we don’t get involved in this war?
I still don&#39;t understand why Americans keep voting for this guy 😢
Nice tv reality show produced by both comedians, keep it up.
I’ve love to see a behavioral profiler do a reaction video and read Zelensky’s body language. The man is exuding a lot of nonverbal body language.
@gavindegan  imperialism? Are you kidding me? This administration doesn&#39;t want to stake a claim to Ukraine. We just want our money back, and since their GDP can&#39;t afford to give us our money back, we accept payment in raw earth minerals. We aren&#39;t making Ukraine take our money and equipment they asked us for help because capitalism, although at times flawed, is still the best economy system in the world.
Imagine you are in a competition with someone for something.. say ‘miss america’ …A ‘big name’ guy then decided to run campaigns and stuff for your opponent but you managed to win. Now this guy needs your help only you can render due to your victory. Will this help be on your terms or the guy’s terms? Would love to get a response .
How helpless you are when your country is invaded and bullied, and people want to take advantage of you. There is no civilization in this world. There are only more villains like Trump. Hell is empty and the devil is in the world.
And see Trump reassuringly wink at the reporter who asked the trivial and insensitive question about why Z doesn&#39;t wear a suit? Maybe that reporter should have done his research first. It&#39;s a mark of a leader whose country is at war.
;thank you mr president;10 minutes later;why didnt you say thank you for anything?;
@@jonathanvales4635 Lies are strong with you. You gave nothing like that figure. All reliable source says EU gave more, but both gave about the same. And US sent old equipment, refreshed and replenished their own stockpiles with the money they &#39;gave&#39; to Ukraine.
Trump is right. Selensky only sees an end to the war if Putin is gone. That would mean total war and world war 3. Putin can not be trusted, this is true. But by going on like this, Ukraine will be destroyed. If a Trump strikes a deal there will be an end to this, at least for a time. If Putin tries anything again in the future, it is not know. But Europe can prepare. Our defence is embarrassing. And as Trump said, we have to increase our budget. I don&#39;t understand people in the comments with their stupid Trump hating. The guy tries to negotiate a deal. It is a tough situation. He also said that it is hard to talk to Selensky, since he is afraid of Putin. Right so. This is not an easy task, but Selenskys option is to fight on. Putin will survive this but not Ukraine. He won&#39;t manage to drain Russia&#39;s resources that easily, even with western military aid. This is the start of a new cold war.
They dont need to say thank you to the f face Vice President. They have the cards you idiot, e.g.. France, Italy Germany, Australia, Japanese, Vietnam, Taiwan....you American will look like a idiot.
@troll65667so you have no brain?
You first need the cease fire then enforcement, but it seems you all are losing track of the real deal Mr zelensky is a proud man. He honestly thinks he is asking for what is in his country&#39;s best interest, but no person should break protocol and dress like he&#39;s just hanging out. He stood his ground without all his power backers in place, a bad tactical move that caused his people to much suffering. He has good intentions but Patton would have had him court-martialed for such a poor move. It was a dirty meeting but it shows that Trump will roll up his sleeves and not pull a political dance a round.  Note I am not a person who likes Mr. Trump &#39;but he sounds logical and braggadocios.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
So basically,the balance between saving a nation and losing it hangs on what clothes you wear and how many time you say please and thank youDeranged
See Zelensky&#39;s face when the reporter from One American News says Trump has moral courage and conviction due to his re-engaging in diplomatic talks with Russia?
I write the voice of god is silent, he writes me without words
Ngl i think zelensky is high on something.
Trump’s right hand man should be ashamed of talking to another country’s president that way. That was not professional and also hyped Trump to attack him
so this is the great oldman&#39;s ;1-day plan;... brilliant. so lets see:   1) several rednecks attacking one manat the same time   2) provocating, load-talking, interrupting  3)   complaing about the suit while 0 gurantees  ... and thoose guys talking about making country ;great;? thats pathethic...
I got premium!😂
Big brother defense was top notch. I’m still shocked how zelensky taught it was okay to campaign for kamala and now demand help from TRUMP. Personally, i wouldn’t bait an eye on someone like that  … EVER .
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2585">43:05 to the jurnalist HOW ARE YOU NOT EMBARRASSED?! And to idiot Trump, stop! Zelensky is president of Country in war! Why are you torturing him and disrespecting him? You are not smartest person on the world. You just want minerals from Ukraine. Why must US mix them in every single war in this world.Stupid people.
You know, all this is really not important! As long as you continue to see the chemtrails, the push for 5G and for mRNA, you just know that nothing changes in the world! The depopulation agenda is still going its way like planned. All the other events worldwide are distraction and deception folks!!!
After your meeting i have already first bird on my table in internet
What&#39;s wrong if Zelensky is asking for extra security because of his distrust in Russia?Aren&#39;t America supposed to be peacemakers in the globe? Trump should not going berserk like this.
It&#39;s so clear that he&#39;s helping in order to get the ;raw earth;, not out of compassion.
Traitors and Russian-assetts doing their work. Absolute scum. God help us all.
captain hindsight and a hero
Putin is very very happy watching this. I think Putin is playin US and Trump like Stalin played allies in Jalta. Trump thinks he&#39;s special and Putin will honour their deal, this makes me laugh. The Russians are very sly, they think longterm and for now the deal is in their interest but they wont hesitate to brake it when they will smell they are ready to take something more. Trump is delusional to think otherwise.
What trump did towards the end btw is what any big brother will do.. even if the younger one is somewhat wrong. And rightfully so.. how do you campaign for a party that lost and now looking for favors from the other party that won?
Problems they can never comprehend? Fuck out of here. War isn&#39;t anything new, i think what you mean is problems they never have to face, and they never have to face it cause no one in the world wants smoke with the US. The last country that did got to get slapped around for 20 years till we got board fucking it up. Dont you dare sit there though and act like America hasn&#39;t been involved or had to deal with almost every single conflict since the end of WW2.
Trump needs 350 billion to pay his  debts lol
What cards do you have floppy head. The leader of Ukraine don&#39;t need to say sorry to scum bag.
Imagine bragging in the middle of a press conference with another world leader. He&#39;s unbelievable.
Money just dissappear in Ukraine and that&#39;s a fact, this is the most corrupt country in Europe similar to Russia or even worse, this war is a gold mine for Ukrainian Oligarchs, western Europe knows nothing about this country!
;President Zelenskyy, you have worked hard. Russia, with its immense military power, has needlessly subjected you and your people to suffering. In your time of vulnerability, even the two highest American leaders who verbally champion freedom, peace, and truth have jointly disrespected and humiliated you like bandit chiefs, which is shocking to see. Seeing this makes me very sad, and during Tibetan New Year, I could only offer prayers for truth to ultimately prevail for you and your people.;
I think trump has dementia
Sounds like Zelensky wants U.S. troops on Ukrainian ground.
This conversation has been an embarrassment for us as Americans. We have a president that is sucking up to a dictator in Putin. Remember Putin invaded Ukraine, killed his political opponents, and censored free speech in his country.
🎉❤😂😅😢😮,
lmao. bots are strong with ukraine
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2566">42:46 Ze said bad words in russian to JD
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=735">12:15 ;Mr President Trump, you take historical decisions that affect America and the world. Which great leader do you think of yourself like?;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1040">17:20 ;Do you think you will remembered as a peacemaker?;Trump launches into how big of a mandate he got. We won popular vote, we won yada yada yada.<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1122">18:42 ;Why don&#39;t you wear a suit? Do you own a suit? A lot of Americans have problems with you not respecting the dignity of this office; - to Zelensky<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1304">21:44 ;What gave you the moral courage and conviction to engage in diplomatic relations with Russia, something the previous leaders lacked?;Is this a meeting about discussion of Ukrainian aid with Zelensky or just praising Trump? Are these journalists just boot-lickers?
Why don&#39;t you ask, why Musk doesn&#39;t wear a suit, standing in the office, while he shits in everyones door step of yours?
@@jonathanvales4635 This time it truly showed the true face of American capitalists and the true face of American imperialism. It changed history and awakened many people.
Safe to say, Vance doesn’t support Zelinski. Good.
This Vice President made it worse.  Both President were having respectful talk.
Please Jesus intercede for these wars 🙏
Why does it matter that Europe gave less? What a child Trump is.
Jd Vance is the worst vp in history
How long have you known him?
<a =":/shorts/ozeq3oUh3mI">:youtube.com/shorts/ozeq3oUh3mI?si=APgjgdRbuC-oup1O
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I scratched my head! how can invaded country Ukraine would risk the World War III. He should have said to Putin.The world is at the cross road it would be very uncertain for many months to come. The American people have decided to allow the fall of US dollars and the United States spectacularly in our life time unfortunately.  I feel sorry for  Zelenskyy but admire his courage determination for his people and country. ❤
This needs to be pinned. Thanks.
How do the American Jewish families feel? Serious question. My Father&#39;s side of the family is of Jewish Ukrainian heritage. Does this resonate with anyone?
Work Ukraine leader, never back off from idiot trump
&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=120">2:00 Trump compliments Zelenskyy&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=240">4:00 Zelenskyy calls Putin a terrorist&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=720">12:00 Trump cracks joke with Zelensky&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=836">13:56 Zelenskyy interrupts Trump&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1040">17:20 Zelenskyy throws his hands up in seeming frustration&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1140">19:00 reporter asks Zelenskyy why he’s not wearing a suit&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1162">19:22 Trump commits to sending arms to Ukraine&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1181">19:41 Zelensky raises eyebrows and rolls eyes at Trump’s statement&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1375">22:55 Trump takes the edge off of the suit question by joking with Zelensky that he likes his outfit&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1429">23:49 Zelensky contradicts Trump and keeps painting Putin in a negative light&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1459">24:19 Zelensky says Putin will never accept ceasefire and pushes for American security guarantee&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1555">25:55 Zelensky says Putin hates Ukrainians&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1620">27:00 Zelensky says Putin should pay all reconstruction costs and that the frozen Russian assets in Europe are Ukrainian&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1759">29:19 Zelensky shakes head as Trump speaks&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1942">32:22 Zelensky says Putin wants to annex Poland&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1950">32:30 Zelensky says Putin will attack America&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1980">33:00 Zelensky interrupts Trump&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2359">39:19 This is when Trump went on the offensive by calling out Zelenskyy hatred for Putin and started to escalate&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2354">39:14 Vance says Zelensky has been disrespectful, and conversation continues to escalate&gt;<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2560">42:40 Apparently calls Vance “suka”, meaning bitch, under his breath.
What an embarrassment of a government America has, grilling and laughing at a leader of an invaded country. USA is a truly vile and disgusting place full of low iq retards.
Zelensky and America lose this war. Putin pees on fucking NATO dream of Zelensky. Just a huge damage has been done.
They have given considerably less then we have, between cash and equipment, we have given over 350 billion dollars. The EU combined hasn&#39;t even given that much to help this effort.
Asking about the suit was very rude and uncalled for. That was a very dumb question.
@@MelVeeBroadcastingNetwork 350 billion tax payer dollars and this little clown rat Zelensky has the audacity to refuse a peace deal.
The orange fool is talking about peace and the enormous number of victims of the war so I wonder why the greatest pacifist in the world doesn&#39;t start peace in his own country by dismanteling his army and donate all the weaponry to Ukraine,  peacefulness starts from within Buddha once said and then see if China and Russia will respect that because it&#39;s the nice mr.trump.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Good work France&#39;s primeter
USA government don&#39;t need a Ukraine history viewpoint,it&#39;s about a minerals deal,take contract home review it,again
So tragic it ended like this. Praying they will cool off and be willing to work out a deal.
Trump is honest
Wrong, because Trump didn&#39;t threaten he even said if an agreement couldn&#39;t be reached we as a nation would still support Ukraine, but he would rather reach an agreement, whereas Zelinsky being the stubborn ass he is decided that unless he got everything he wanted he was not willing to agree to anything. That&#39;s not how negotiations work.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1055">17:35 Trump: “”I hope I’ll be remembered as a peace maker” idiot Vance proceed to create the OPPOSITE of peace 6 min later
Vance acting like a lady that needs attention.. Sucks
All zelenkay can say is thankyou instead of cease fire, a sof aitting on throne leaves it to fetch the bones, he ruined ukraine
You explained this so well, thank you!
One thing that I never understood about this whole situation, and one thing that seems to be a constant in the Pro-Russia/Trump crowd, is this. Why does Russia have a monopoly on morality? Why is it Ukraine that has to surrender to Russia? Why does Ukraine have to make concessions to Russia? Why do the Ukrainian people need to unjustly suffer while Russia keeps pulling this nuclear saber rattling? This interview looks like a premeditated political ambush and as an American it sickens me to see this play out. Even more so when I learned that the AP and Reuters were barred from showing up but TASS-the Russian State Media- was allowed access momentarily. You can see the look on Zelenskyy&#39;s face when he&#39;s hearing all of this being said and how he-while being bombarded with Kremlin talking points- wants to clap back with truthful statements instead of the fabrications that trump and vance are pushing and how all of this is just a giant disgrace to this nation. As an American who cares about this country and the ideals it was founded upon, I can only see one solution.Donald ;The Tangerine Turncoat; Trump has got to go so that he can no longer make America look like a fool on the world stage and cause more death and destruction than he already has.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
who the f*ck is actually the president, is it dj vancea, or nazi musk? never seen a president of the united state or any other country interrupted like that ….such a disgrace for this country, i feel for those who understand what happened, and for those who support a free world
@ I’m great. Don’t you just think it’s crazy that we’ve sent 300 billion tax payer dollars to Ukraine. And that clown has the audacity to refuse a peace deal? Kinda pisses me off
Yh jd messed this up. Shouldn’t even have opened his santa looking ass mouth.
Whats with all the fake comments???
Thank you for sharing the full interview.Zelensky is never on the same level of U.S neither Russian diplomates, tbh his gestures and moves can annoy everyone!Feel sorry for the nation of Ukraine they must have seen it coming when they chose a delusional Clown as a president. Liked U.S act from 🇮🇷
Idk whats President Zelenskyy&#39;s exact reason, neither do I know him, but its up to him to convey his message. A simple suit isnt expensive at all. If he doesnt dress for the particular scenario, its up to him to convey the message why.And if he doesnt, its up to him too.To the simpletons, its not as though youre in a kindergarten and one kid points to the other saying ;why me;.The event, type of people, and hierarchy, etc.When you go for an interview you have you dress higher than your boss not lesser.In different country, different cultures. If youre invited to a western wedding, you dont go there in slippers.So many appropriate things to consider, showing an effort on your end, showing the basic respect.
What an absolute disgrace. I’m disgusted.
this is an invasion by a nuclear power on a much smaller country, don&#39;t call it war, UA was invaded by Russia, facts matter. All those young men (and women!!!) are dying because of Putin.
Great discussion from US ! 👏👏
I have watched the entire speech. trump was cool. Zelensky has good points to worry and let&#39;s be honest JD Vance fucked the whole thing at the end
The USA needs asia not Europe. The USA must be part of BRICS with the dollar as official currency
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
endlich trifft er seinen Meister!!!!! der Pianist mit 11 Fingern
What a dick. I cannot believe he was elected again.
Zelenskyy: Can I ask--Trump: No, you&#39;ve done a lot of talkingexcuse me??? trump has done way more talking than zelenskyy in this entire meeting
Are you okay? 😂
Why doesn&#39;t Trump GO to Ukraine himself?
The smirks in his face smh you&#39;re there for some help to make peace yet make faces. He also shakes his head when Trump says America has put in a lot more than Europe, thats what the records say, it was always a headline when the US gave funds
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
stfu America is the only country thst should be worried about.
Interview was downright disrespectful and unprofessional
Zelensky isn&#39;t in a strong posistion.  Of course he wants guarantees.  What he should want is peace for his country.  He lost, he going to have to make some concessions in exchange for peace.  That is the garantee
You know how to catch views
C-Span f***ing hurting bad to allow so many ads during this.
Zelensky is a 🤡 fuck him good luck with Russia get us out trump
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I had a different option about Trump..but slowly slowly it looks that he doesn&#39;t realy care about stopping the war because it&#39;s bad, looks that he&#39;s ready to step on bodies to get where he wants
He said flat out it will be a problem for us. If we were face to face and i said if you don&#39;t walk away from me right now, there will be a problem for you, you&#39;re gonna see that as a treat. Period.
Donald Trump literally has an easier time being friendly and respectful toward Putin than he does to previous American president.  Fucking disgusting.
Left speaker jumpin rn ngl
Raw earth.  Dig baby dig!
@@rw2452 Right. The mob style, gee it would by sad if something happened to your country.
Amazing content as always!
@@rw2452 How helpless you feel when you and your country are oppressed and bullied, and there are still people who want to take advantage of you. There is no civilization in this world. There are only more villains like Trump. Hell is empty and demons are in the world. May all natural disasters pounce on the land of demons in the United States.
You shouldn&#39;t fly off the handle if you don&#39;t have a backbone Trump.What were the words? Digging, Digging, Digging? Rare Earths? Ah nooo its Trump, the big peace bringer...its so ugly.. The only person in the room, that should be a leader, is Zekensjy. You should bow before him, because you wouldn&#39;t stand one day as he does it for his country. You will set the whole world on fire for your benefit, shame on you, you have no loyalty for anyone but you, Trump.
Zelensky never said he didn&#39;t want a cease fire. He said that Putin has broken a cease fire 25 times in the past, even with other countries standing behind Ukraine. And yes, even during Trump&#39;s first presidency. All he wants is a concrete plan for what will be done if Putin breaks a cease fire again.
Europe STAND TOGETHER
@luxxers whatever. All I&#39;m saying is my country will never send soldiers or pilots to fight their war. It&#39;ll never happen. Not a single American will ever fight this war for Ukraine.
@@UnBroken11100then the alternative is to continue to fight but the US will not be a part of it.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Did trumps mom not teach him manners? This is not a conversation. This is a grown man (Zelenskyy) talking to a screaming kid (trump)
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You people who think that because JD and Trump havent been on ground doesnt know anything forgets that we have the FUCKING BEST intelligence gather network in the world, the most safisticated satellites in the world, and the best communication systems in the world. Both of these men get daily updates and briefings every single day. They dont have to be there to know whats going on you retards. Smh. I mean, really, some of you people are absolutely ridiculous. Zalinsky needs to eat a big fat piece of humble pie and remember that if we were to back out of this war, it would be a wrap for them. We have been holding up his country and regime since the annex of Crimea. So he should put on a fucking suite, and be a fucking presdient, and quit acting like he is a solider on the front line. Then maybe, just maybe, if he acted like a president, Putin wouldn&#39;t have made the moves he did. But instead he goes into one of the most respected offices in the world and has the audacity to try and grand stand and tell the top officials of the strongest and most funded country in the world they dont know what their talkong about. Fuck out of here. The utter disrespect for the office of president, lack of professionalism, and inability to maintain his composure makes me sick.
;I will wear a costume when the war is over; fucking baller
@phucphucgames7897 exactly!! Why can&#39;t people see and grasp this concept? It&#39;s sooo frustrating!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2489">41:29
None of them is innocent but Zelenskyy made righteous decision 👏Americans get very offended when they hear reasonable critics.The outfit is so meaningless. When the war happens wear suit is so flashy.
What a disgrace to America. Trump needs to. Meet Mr. Bullet.
The Budapest Memorandum was signed in 1994...USA-RUSSIA-FRANCE-UK-CHINA agreed to give the Ukraine security assurances in exchange for Ukraine to give up their Nuclear Weapons...Russia has broken this agreement multiple times now by invasion....and the USA is holding a peace deal as ransom for Ukrainian Minerals....you really want Zelenskyy to believe in Trumps word? hundreds of thousands of people have lost there lives over broken promises already.
@@MoneyMan28NO Euro start the war, euro pay EURO maidan to overthrow presiden elect of Ukraine Janucovich, and after that Ukraine take ANTI Russian position even pay a mercenaries under the banner Neo Nazi Azof battallion to suppress ethnic Russian living in Ukraine LOL. Read background of the war/event, not just ;who invade who;
There was no threat. If you can&#39;t sign an agreement with the other party, then there simply is no agreement. End of story.
Americans are a bunch of idiots, their journalism is egocentric
Amazing content as always!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
You beg us for money and protection.
I&#39;m ashamed of our adminisration. How rude.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Like Macron said, Europe didn’t loan anything. Lying carrot bastard
The US just needs to stop fighting everybody elses wars. They are costing the US tax payers hundreds of billions of dollars. So yeah, we want your resources to recoup some of what we&#39;ve spent.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
😂 it was very funny !!!😂😂😂
Trump is putin’s puppet. Trump was acting like it is Ukraines fault that the war is happening. No a massive country attacked a small country. Ukraine needs help and trump only wants to help Russia. The world needs to help Ukraine. Shame on trump. I bet he didn’t talk to Putin like that. Trump should be ashamed of himself for treating him that way. Putin is the one trump should have been treating like that but the world knows Putin can’t do any wrong in trumps eyes. To think I am Australian and I really wanted trump voted in and what does he do, blames an innocent country going to start world war 3. They didn’t ask to be attacked and they can not defend themselves so it is the world’s job to help Ukraine. TRUMP YOU ARE A PUSSY, TALK TO PUTIN THAT WAY… NOPE YOU WONT BE AUSE YOUR TOO BUSTLY TONGUING HIS BUM.
Sure LOL, guarantees for ukraine means JOINING NATO, trump knew that, because it will start a NUCLEAR WORLD WAR 3 LOL
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
BJ Vance started that just to get Trump going 😡What a smug smile he had on his face at the end.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2700">45:00 Zelensky and Trump is going to war for this
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Ukarine instead of wasting time with this selfish guy he can talk with russia .. all over the world neighbours only fighting and others using it for their own purpose lets unite dont allow the 3rd man anything can be resolved in this world with peace and companionship
That was the display of worst conduct by a President in the history of US.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Trump can&#39;t take someone seriously who wouldn&#39;t even wear a suit for the Whitehouse
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
this war is getting resolved diplomatically (or at least steps towards) and y’all are cherry picking what trump and Vance are saying
Theres a difference between thankful for talking to someone and having a thankful attitude
@@rw2452 To be accurate: Zelensky said peace talks and ceasefires alone are not enough.Russia attacked Ukraine in 2014. Got a ceasefire, restrengthened its army, and then attacked again in 2022. They&#39;ve broken TWENTY-FIVE ceasefires in that time. And that&#39;s not counting the deal in 1994 where Ukraine gave up their nukes after US and Russian guarantees of safety.Not to mention the many other countries Russia has made peace deals with and then openly violated. I don&#39;t think he&#39;s wrong to say Russia can&#39;t be trusted to obey ceasefires - especially if your goal is lasting peace.
What did the  EU give? Lol!!!
How are you going to attempt to negotiate with a party Trump who has lost the war to Russia do you think that your proposal is even valid as US Dollars cost Russian life Putin will never honor this amatuer deal this seriously the pride of a fool .   The only party you should be talking to is the winner of the war and the original king of Ukraine the land of Ukraine has always been russias .    The power and clout the US once had is no longer .   That iron and clay feet have been divided and shattered holding on to it just hurts the remaining good people your leadership is amatuer hour truly straight rookies. And the return of the most highs son was last night so in all reality you are all subject to the king of kings so serve the lord of righteouness and or be destroyed the iron fist has come to the earth from the heavens the lion of Judah is here
Is that why Ukraine begged for itsMoney?
Thanks C-SPAN For Full Video Of Meeting@ Oval Office Zelensky &amp; Trump
This is a battle of egos
Exactly what I was saying
Trump  Trump Trump ❤❤❤
United states remains to prove its a shit country and after decades is still the laughing stalk of the world.
Beggers can&#39;t be the choosers . Go home and work hard on making your country a strong industrialized nation . Next time, pick a fight with a country of your level .
Trump is a sook . He wants a deal worth 500 billion dollars yet says he can&#39;t guarantee Ukraine&#39;s security or safety. I wouldn&#39;t take that either
Президент Украины диктует президенту США что он должен делать и чувствовать.
Great job, this video was very useful!
@@shadymistkennel More like Zenlensky won’t be happy until he gets peace and is allowed to actually attend some of those negotiation meetings instead of being constantly fucked over by two madly in love dictators.
He makes everyone look like big dumb f00ls. This was a donkey show of kindergartens fighting over snacks, toys and playtime. What just happened here??? !D!@TS
@@phucphucgames7897 Zel expressing his concerns about how things didn’t work out in the past with compromising with Putin was not a gateway for Trump and Vance to come in and start talking down to this man as if he has less than. He made some valid points and all Trump had to do was to reassure him that they would work as diligently as possible to come up with a compromise, he wasn’t saying that he doesn’t believe in Trump. He was only expressing his concerns.
Zelenskyy looking like he doesn’t get sleep anymore
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Putin after seeing this now declared war directly on the United States
This is unreal, almost like a sitcom? The reporters mostly ignored Zelensky, one reporter asked an extremely disrespectful, irrelevant &amp; ignorant question about a Zelensky&#39;s clothing, and half the questions were just shameless compliments for Trump, ;Oh you&#39;re so great, can you tell us how could you be so great;?
So you have no hands?
America has just collapsed the great whore has fallen !! Check mate …
Toți care îl plîngeți pe Zelenski echipați-vă și duceți-vă și apărați Ucraina.Zelenski a avut ocazia să încheie războiul de două sau trei ori și a refuzat.Zelenski este un criminal ,un dictator.Își ia oamenii de pe stradă și îi trimite fără echipament militar direct pe front la moarte.Zelenski are rolul să distrugă poporul Ucrainean nu să îl salveze.Zelenski are rolul să distrugă <a ="http:europa.care/">Europa.Care e deștept înțălege care sunt jocurile de culise.
I think it’s getting apparent that for the US to do this would only give Putin more reasons to escalate his stupid war.
Doesn&#39;t Zelensky understand diplomacy to end war?! Obviously not, he has ptsd looking face and no suit from the things he has seen? in his country and Zelensky is putting forth False INFO... Putin has said he doesn&#39;t want anymore land. We aren&#39;t putting USA boots on the ground you fucking pipsqueak Zelensky! Zelensky doesn&#39;t understand that giving usa the minerals is bringin brother USA coming in to save them not a conspiratorial plan to take their resources, and seems Zelensky can&#39;t be get out of the general mode and his plastic helmet 🪖 he left in the car and his Kohl&#39;s shirt wants war to continue.Zelensky tried to play prophet? ;War will come to you he said. You are safe between two oceans for now!; And tried to tell usa what we gonna feel as a threat! What audacity!!
I can&#39;t watch it yet. I don&#39;t dare. I get the vibes from your comments first
This really show how much the top tier of US knows anything about the world..🤏
Great job, this video was very useful!
Was that really kaitlan collins interrupting again?
Forget zalinsky.  His body language…complete disrespect.  The man is a war clown.
;If you don&#39;t do that, this will happen to you; is a threat. Trying to intimidate the other party into doing something against their will. Coercion is the term.
Like the minerals you seek are going to the hands of the Americans Vladimir Putin now owns this country and it was originally Russia’s so it is his to take .     Ukraine is under the bear always has been the son of man will discuss options with Russia in private .   For now WW3 is commanded to start unless Esau the whore steps off the throne they are drunk on the saints of the righteous and the lion of Judah will bring them low
President Volodymyr Zelensky has my full respect. Staying this calm while being attacked by the braindead JD Vance, the orange monkey und his minions (there&#39;s a right of free speach, right?) is unbelievable. Best decision ever to not make any deals with criminals!
Zalensky can lie
Zelensky makes it clear that he doesn’t want to end war. For not having enough arms, tech and man power, Zelensky thinks it’s American and European obligation to fight for Ukrain. This is neither diplomacy nor warring strategy to continue fighting till you burn your last straw. If Ukrain has its narrative, so does Russia. Negotiation is when both sides are heard, reasoned with and agreed to. Zelensky calling Putin killer and terrorist;  betting on the US/ EU aid, and his aimless warmongering at this moment will go down in history as the stupidest thing any statesman could imagine.
I don&#39;t care what your opinion of President Trump is, but he cares about human life. Those are sons, and fathers dying on the battle fields of Ukraine. He actually cares about the young men on both sides. They all have a right, given by God to live a full life... They should not give up such a precious gift as life to a pointless cause! Please! End this awful war!!!!!
Trump is dick, don&#39;t you think?
Very shameful act done by Turmph
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
You explained this so well, thank you!
I think the most important thing for Trump came out early in the discussion,  ; We look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging and workin and getting some of the rare earth;  $$$$$$What a truly garbage POS.
@@JohnStainsby-q1pSo you think it&#39;s ok that in this kind of mettings a nobody can scold the president of a country for not wearing a suit ?
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
You explained this so well, thank you!
Both fractions did not behave well
Not like this meeting even has any revelance the reality is Zelensky is offered a deal by a Vance and Trump but the deal is not even enforceable by either party as Russia now fully owns and controls Ukraine .    Trump is attempting to flex his clout on other nations but the reality is his throne is being overthrown by the Heavenly Father as he will in pride refuse to move he will be forcefully removed from the power seat our lord returned today and is now the cheif in command of righteousness glory will be to the most high and his son the king the lion of Judah and who was ushered in from the heavens and now has divided Satan we have a new king the son of man who is overthrowing the throne of esau he loosened the scrools and will be ruling with a iron fist against Esau so no pedafiles or child or murders of imnocent life are allowed to be in power in any jurisdiction but the prince of Persia the bear and the prince of Asia can bring wrath to the throne of Esau .    As in not one stone will be unturned all praise to Yahawashi and abbah Selah !!
slava ukraine. zelensky is a hero. america chose a dude that humps furniture to speak. i would laugh at the us if it wasnt so vital. fix your shit america!
World stage another play
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
syk
Je ne comprends pas l&#39;anglais mais ce que Trump dit c&#39;est vraiment vrai 😅
🤢
This was super helpful, thanks!
…??
Thanks for the transparency
Trump supporter here but I can be honest and say that Trump goes 5 steps forward to go 6 back at times.. Zelensky seemed frustrated at times because he was trying to say things and the reporters were asking stupid questions and not letting him speak after Trump was done. He did not seem ungrateful at all, vance started this notion that zelensky was ungrateful. So TrumpFelt he had to show his power too and feed off of what Vance started . Zelensky was trying make a point that the ceasefire was not honored in the past so how will they have a guarantee that Putin won’t do it again . Vance took it the wrong way. Zelensky started saying thank you since he arrived from when he met trump outside when he got dropped off. I felt second hand embarrassment for us. They down spoke to Zelensky and I don’t feel it was a good move on our part. That is not a strong leader quality like supporters think it was. It was wrong and should have never been publicized. Think it was a miscommunication thing because I don’t think zelensky was saying anything wrong. It was escalated because Vance didn’t understand that zelensky was trying to make a point. I can admit that they were wrong with this one. Very disappointing.
Zelinsky didn&#39;t thank America for the help is part of what ticked off Vance. The other is Zelinsky calling the peace talks with Putin, worthless.
Redneck diplomacy.
I love how daddy sat there and let JD cook and then came in to finish it off.
That was crazy !  I watched this in parts . Everyone has parts of the meeting . The meeting was almost an hour 58 minutes .
What a goddamn embarrassment. I’m sobbing. How could we vote for two people that act like this?? Jesus. Here comes ww3
Suit? Haha! What a sheer stupidity! Trump and his guy there make no sense at all.
Right very hypocritical of him seeing as he’s the biggest dictator ever
Who is this other guy next to Trump?Is he important or what all I see he is causing drama. Bad policitics but ok if US wants someone with iq as temperature outside than they have a right guy hahahah😂
The Vice President is a fascist bastard. He came to Germany after the Munich Security Conference and met with the fascist AfD party. What does this mean? It means you are a dirty fascist. Damn you.
JD said this the litigation the public media shouldn&#39;t cover. This exactly what we needed to see
americans start wars, and than speak about peac, russians start wars then speak about peac, it is not weir that you where allies in 2 world wars, and is not weird that you act like you are enemys, in case of Ukraine you preaty show that you never want to win this war on side of Ukraine. you just want to start war, and give them the money, and after you give them the money for defending own country, blackmail them for returning 1000x more then you gave them. If i where Zelensky, i would take the chair from office and keep it like suvenire, that no one from Ukraine ever sit on that chair in Oval office again.
Everything will be calm, it&#39;s normal to face such reaction from both parties. I am optimistic, there will be calmness and the peace deal will be signed in Jesus name. As Christians all over the world, let us continue to pray for Ukraine, Russia and Donald Trump administration to humbly restore peace peace between the two nations.There are many smart guys benefiting from this war at the expense of lives and properties but God want us to live in peace and as God&#39;s Children we will stand in the position of God and proclaim peace in Ukraine and Russia and it will stand.May God grant President Donald Trump the patience and wisdom to resolve this crises in his victorious name amen.
Zelensky came to ask more money but not for ceasefire deal! That’s what I’m getting from what he was saying to President Trump and everyone else .   No no no no no! We are not giving you free money anymore Zelensky! Byeeee
This was super helpful, thanks!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Great job, this video was very useful!
Zelenskyy, why don&#39;t you want to stop the war?
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Can we just take a moment to appreciate JD vance like what an upgrade compared to that Indian laugh box😂 lets go maga
Trump is Putins little bitch hahahah😂
I was out at a gaming get together in Kyiv last night when the Zelensky-Trump meeting was being livecast. It was all anyone was talking about obviously and each new shoe dropping was like a blow that rippled through the crowd. But then someone asked me, “doesn’t trump realize who he’s dealing with? We’re Ukrainian. We’ve done two revolutions. When you push against us we band together.” Another said “if there was an election tomorrow Zelensky would get 95%,” and so on… then people started seeing the posts of solidarity from European leaders and someone shouted “France is with us!” and the crowd cheered. “Spain is with us!” And the crowd cheered again. So don’t lose hope, folks. If Ukraine can stand head high through this war and this betrayal, so can you.
I hope the USA&#39;s specialists will accurately read Zelinski&#39;s body language!  Crossed fingers and arms, cargo trousers to a formal presidential meeting do not say opened peaceful person who is ready to bring peace to his people. ;Rules of war.; Are there rules to follow in a war? Isn&#39;t there enough place and resources for everyone on this planet? Why should the ego and vanity of a few men should be prioritised?
I don&#39;t understand how anyone can watch this and say Zelenskyy was in the wrong. He was polite, respectful, thankful, and tried to explain the situation with Putin breaking ceasefire agreements over and over to them repeatedly. Sure, Zelenskyy made a few confused looking faces when Trump would say something blatantly untrue, but who wouldn&#39;t at least do that in the situation. He was met with pure disrespect and mobster style bullying from Trump and Vance. This is the absolute low point (so far) that I&#39;ve ever seen from a US President. I&#39;m ashamed and embarrassed for our country and I want Ukraine and the world to know that there are MANY good Americans that want nothing short of our full backing and support for the people of Ukraine and all of our allies around the world. Please don&#39;t let this poor example of American leadership be a reflection of its people. Zelenskyy was one of the only honorable people in that room, a shining example of how a good leader and a good man should be. Thank you for suffering these fools with such dignity.
Zelensky doesn’t need Trump’s help to give Putin four regions, downsize the army, and abandon NATO aspirations. If he wanted to surrender to Putin, he would have gone to Moscow, not Washington.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Trump is amazing. No hidden things. Everything&#39;s at face value and honest
So stop fighting
Anyone from nepal❤
Yeah it is when a ton of money given to “Ukraine” went in his pocket.
i never watch things like this, but i felt i needed to see the full discussion to see why it escalated, so this is the first time ive realized that trump is SO stuck in constantly reminding people of things that happened (or at least want he wants you to think happened). the fact that this meeting was about the war in ukraine and putting an end to it and yet so many times he has to pause and talk about ;biden failed; ;this wouldnt have happened if i were president; ;i won the election by a huge popular vote; just shows that he needs to constantly tell people that he is the best there ever was, even when thats not the point of the discusssion AT ALL.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Really hope Europe steps up for Ukraine🙏
We are not playing cards here😂
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump would burn down the USA over being exposed as a Russian Asset.
I would rather pay taxes for security than have to sleep with one eye open all the time.
He&#39;s guilty.
Trump, Vance, Rubio, etc. are such an embarrassment and such lousy examples of what this country can offer up as leaders. Bullies and their sycophants, the lot of them.
I would rather pay taxes to the government once a year so we can have good police officers than live in fear and get robbed by criminals every day.
Zelinsky was a better actor before, this President role - he doesn&#39;t do a good job
Zelensky gets what he deserves.Enough with filling his pockets
You are a complete grub Trump.Trying to steal anything that gives Zelensky a chance to pay back the lend lease bill. (a non renewable resource as well)A deal that pumps Ukraines people for  eternity in the arse!Who do you think they are? The British Commonwealth?America, the Master Profiteers Of War Crimes!Just like WW2, the leopard never changes his spots.
Threatening others to sign an agreement when they are in trouble is considered robbery.
This was tough to watch
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Vance TRIGGERED the conflict in the meeting. He should just have KEPT quiet like Rubio.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
<b>The Vice president is a really bad person</b>
I would listen to zylensky he has inside info hes been dealing with them first hand. Not speculation like some who are delusional about how easy this will all be, the decisions made in the upcoming months &amp; years will shape all of humanity. Seems hes all in &amp; only for sole reason of being looked at as one of the greatest presidents like ;George Washington;. Please be wise with the choices you decide on our fate lies in your hands
So we the USA 🇺🇸 invested billions of dollars to help Ukraine 🇺🇦 then now he don’t want to repay by signing the deal 🤦🏻‍♂️so ungrateful..thank you is not enough
Trump: we&#39;re going to make a peace dealZelensky: No I want more war
President Zelenskyy was ambushed big time. You noticed trump standing up for Putin a cruel lying dictator and he said he doesn’t believe in putting people down when Zelensky was explaining the cruelty of him and his people. But he had no trouble putting Biden and Obama down consistently. Trump will take the Ukraines assets and let Putin in to take over. Yemen all over again.
Zelensky  is way more diplomatic than i would b
America has always followed the approach that when defeat seems imminent or the opponent appears too powerful, they bow down to the strong and target the weak. In 1945, when America&#39;s courage faltered, they cowardly resorted to using the atomic bomb. The same is being done with Ukraine; they got scared of Putin.
I’m 20 minutes into this - so far - Zelensky and his journos have asked for aid, arms, money 8 times!!!! He was never going to sign an agreement he wanted support. He wants money, arms and aid. He wants to continue the war.
This was super helpful, thanks!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I think Trump was right throughout! And I think Vance did a great job on pointing out that Zelensky was not thankful enough. The war should never have started from the beginning… requesting for more tension and military aid would just end up in much bigger war… possibly world war III… diplomacy is what human being needs. Last but not least I think Trump was overall nice… Hopefully, people could appreciate peace ✌🏼
Trump hate Zelensky, Trump dont respect Zelensky. He said,that i thought that You are taller, that to ask come to play golf,but you are so small...It was discasting how Trump played good ,but acted as Cremlin worker
President Zelensky make so many negotiation mistakes i couldn’t even count on my fingers
Trump and Putin are guy lovers. they need take a room, and fuck each other. Europans need cut off American influence, and suport Ukraina and Russia, mediate peace, and kick american ass hard and depp with footh. They speak about 350 bilion doloars, american idiots we in europe cut off cheap gas and oil from Russia because of you, how many dolars we lose for only that, do you even have brain how many dolars euros in europe we lose for your policy wich we have only financial loses, and Ukrainians loses in half milion lives, and ruined ocupied country, how much that cost in dolars ? And now morons dare to speak, about disrespect, go in Israel Jewish lovers, and take all money wich you gave to Netaniyahu and Israeli, and military you suport more Israel than Ukraine, and you never ever ask price of cost for Israel and goverment of Jewish, because this pupets in America they dont serve enyone, they serve to money. and money is Jewish courency, because everyone in world know how much influence they have behinde courtain with money. All this wars they start, to take others resurces and play act like a victim, behinde this pupets like Trump they play hide and seak, and they think we are all dumb to dont see what is hapening, and Zelensky is on point, in your ;sunny american coust; sun is always shining but in others sun is not shining because of your so called ;suport; and ;allied; shit. my country is in NATO and EU, but if it is on me, i would canceld bouth membership, when i see who runs EU and NATO administration, when americans have such influence on bouth i know we are all doomed to be pupets in their show, and to act like less important because they act like they are only important in all that political ishues and military policy. So smart people, dont come in guest where they know they will be mistreetad, only mistake Zelensky did is to come to this idiot Trump, and give him publicly important role in resolving war in own country, if i am Zelensky, i would cut off Trump after this, and all war policy efforts based on european soil, after all Ukraina is in europe, she is not 51 american star, so she need resolve problems in Europe, continent where she politicly and geograficly belongs. If Americans want act like bullys, and speak about money, than is time to shut that dore for good, and make peac with Putin if he want peac, and with europe rebuild country, without american influence and deals wich will ruined generations of Ukrainians for greedy american administration, and Jewish influence wich run this pupet show behinde the scene, because obvius like a day where money is influence there most be some Jew ;victim; who geting rich behinde blood of inocent Ukrainians and Russians, this war is obvius american war like all wars after 2ww, i speak about biger wars, not small like was in my country, but in each of that wars they have influenced on bad way and try to blame victim for defending own country.
Z is a joke I  dont believe a word he says
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump telling Ukraine they need to surrender. Trump withdrawing support. Were the Democrats psychic? Were the Democrats mind readers? Or were they simply woke instead of asleep? Were the Democrats seeing into the future? Or were they simply woke enough to see more of the picture than people who live in news bubbles?
This was super helpful, thanks!
Tyrant trump 🤮🤮🤮🤮
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2847">47:27 😂😂
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Good that Trump countered the negative statement
<b>The Vice president is a really bad person</b>
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
<b>The Vice President is a really bad person!</b>
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Divide and conquer.
We Listen we don&#39;t judge......Somebody that is country has no peace.... He has alot going on his head....Putin is on their neck He has Lost alot of people to war ..... U are saying that he should wear a suit..... Did Elon always wear suits whenever he visits Mr president?.. So awful.... Out of all the things that&#39;s on ground, suit is the most important thing to USA...Zelensky the way u dress is the way u will be addressed....It&#39;s so bad....
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
@@user_J117 Good point! Sometimes JDV and DJT say they want peace and to make America a world leader again and looking at videos like this I can&#39;t tell if they mean it...
How romantic these two leaders are at the start and it changes all this in heated moment, unbelievable for me!
Thank the president Trump? Republican has blocked military aids for Ukraine last winter. It has cost for Ukraine thousands of civilian deaths and lost more teritories.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
@@uuuummm9 ;Have you said thank you once in this meeting?; That was JDV&#39;s question. Yes in fact Zelensky said thank you at least 3 times not even 8 minutes into the video. Why are you qualifying it and moving goalposts? And even more so why would you not let your ally speak in a meeting?
Thanks for putting this openly on YouTube ! That whole world understand what’s really going on … not CNN only
Life’s too short for all this shit !!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
How rich has Zelensky and the Ukrainian oligarchs become due to this war?
Thank you C-Span for uploading and filming the whole thing
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
yes, ok bootlicker.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
It&#39;s a jab at the fact that Zelensky is not allowing his people to hold elections and therefore acting as a dictator to Ukraine.
Wow Trump is disgusting
Amazing content as always!
Zelensky cares more about minerals than about the lives of his people.
Gosh suit question was out of the world. To beg for arms he needs to look like West. Trumps soo smart he turned someone else&#39;s war to his opportunity. Nations should never go into war and take US help. Look at Pakistan. Never take US money. Jd vance is like a child. He is not trump. Trumps a business man. Jd vance isn&#39;t built like him
Zelensky is doing everything in his power not to punch the sh+t out of Trump.
Honestly, the president of Ukraine shouldn’t have said what he said about our country that we don’t feel it now, but we will fill it later. I honestly don’t know what he meant, but I don’t blame him for thinking the way he does because like he mentioned deals were made before And they were broken so of course he’s worried for his people because he promised his people before that they would be protected, not once not twice but three times for me he’s doing everything he can for his people. I see it in him that he really cares and he cares for the children in his country. I honestly like the last question that one of the reporters ask Donald Trump but what if Russia breaks the deal Donald Trump couldn’t really answer that because in reality it could definitely break, a deal are just words and actions speak louder than words and we all know the stupid question that was asked Why is he not wearing a suit? I understand he is in a very important place in our country with our president, but do you think that the last thing he would care about is looking good like the rest of the people in the room no of course not he’s there fight, and to protect his people. And yes he has said thank you to Donald Trump many times but at the same time all I know is that he is hoping that it is true that his people will be protected and that the deal stays that way, and the war for them would stop. honestly I appreciate that Donald Trump is at least trying to make a deal with Russia, but Putin is a very mean and dangerous man. I honestly feel that the one who started the war should end the war with peace ☮️
Ha ha you ever heard of the difference between saying something and meaning what you say?
@@UnBroken11100if there are American companies and mines in Ukraine Putin wouldn’t dare touch it. He might be able to bully smaller countries but definitely not the US lmfao
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2965">49:25 check out the smile on JD&#39;s face...;Mission Accomplished!;
Vance has destroyed the image of US in 2 sentences. Let &#39;s see now index Dow Jones. Wil come back soon under 30 000.
Yeah but he needs to let Trump help him get peace without putting our boots on the ground. Zelensky won&#39;t be happy until he has our soldiers in the war with him. That will never happen!!!
People criticizing president Trump should kindly remember one fact that any further nudging to Russia into a corner and they will have to use nukes. We dont have such courage to witness use of atomic bombs. If Ukraine has to compromise more, they should not for just themselves but world peace
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This can’t be real
You explained this so well, thank you!
Whatever you thinkUkrain is mix of=US  Ukrain tug of war violent gov overthrow Russian influence gov to  Nato,EU gov,Merkel was against Ukrain in Nato they were not democratic.Trump hated Germany Putin cheap gas relationship.Zelensky tried to make peace,not his fault America is changing politics so <a ="http:drastically.now/">drastically.Now he is told to cease to exist more or less where are the guarantees?
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=720">12:00 funny moment lol
The orange pompous ass meets dictators with more respect and diplomacy, which show clearly that the current President of the Free World sitting next to him in this video is no dictator. Trump just tore down the post war international order like a bull in a china shop, signalling to the whole world, that they can no longer rely on anything under the current administration. This damage, however, will survive any future elections.
There’s alot that happened here. Should be watched more than once. To be honest Ukraine has been dealing with Russia for years and he knows just like our past leaders knew Russia can not be trusted as they will break the agreements. This isn’t a real-estate deal this war! trumps arrogance is where he is totally blind to the fact that Putin is not his friend. What’s one of the best ways to win a war? Make the advisories believe your an ally to defeat the others and then you take them down when they least expect it. He’s a fool
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
LMAO long live Russia ts is too funny 💀🙏
Lol fuck the usa
This JD is an idiot
We Hindu Indians respect Potus Trump very much. He knows what he is doing for world peace. It&#39;s the utmost significant resource to attain right now. We dont want wars and all world is one family. 🚩🇮🇳
LONG LIVE RUSSIA 🙏
When you look as this,you would be shame if you were an American citizen.
@@MoneyMan28 NATO started the war with Biden&#39;s encouragement and everyone with a brain knows that.
Wow, open your eyes people of USA. Can’t you see how fake, theatrical, staged all this is?! These men and women will have to face the Lord Jesus Christ when their time comes. Shame on them. The fact the majority of people in this country don’t see this is scary.
Just walk away.  It&#39;s not America&#39;s war.  Russians have been killed with US weapons.  If that happened to me then I&#39;m considering it as being attacked by Ukraine and the USA. Trump can&#39;t run again and that&#39;s great cause I can finally vote Republican. I just couldn&#39;t vote for him but I&#39;m glad he won after seeing this first month. How long has this war been going on?  It&#39;s around 3 years now? Each country has lost roughly 1 million citizens each.  The US has send Ukraine between 200-350bn dollars. My point is that things haven&#39;t gotten any better in 3 years.  Why not take a different approach?  You don&#39;t like the approach?  Screw it,  let&#39;s stay on the successful path we&#39;ve been on with this war then.
Is this the way Americans treat their OWN war heros and military staff? With ingratitude and contempt?  Probably yes, also Elon is firing all ;the unnecessary; personnel.
;Putin watching Trump and Zelenskyy argue like a divorced couple fighting over custody of NATO—sipping his tea, thinking, ‘Well, that worked out better than expected!’;😂😂
America at its best, bullying countries into signing for their natural resources to get looted. If its peace you want to mediate, why put conditions of looting their minerals? The world is in misery all because of the USA greed for natural resources!
@@UnBroken11100 Putin didn&#39;t mess with Trump in Trump&#39;s first term. The other presidents allowed the invasions to happen, really.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Zelensky the actor in a costume 😂😂😂😂🤡🤡🤡🤡
I didn’t know “don’t look up 2” came out 😂😂
yes!! this
Things start to unravel at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1410">23:30Trump wants to burry the conflict Zelensky cannot stomach Putin&#39;s mallice and evil going unpunished, so he brings up security guarantees and says that Putin broke agreements with Trump, which Trump sees it as an attack against himself, regardless of true or not.
I thought it seemed like Zelenskyy was in the wrong.And, seemed disrespectful that he was dressed so inappropriately casual
Crazy we got kids in position of power lmao very entertaining lol JD Vance is not a representation of all Americans but Mr president lol we love you less us to the promise land
Ukrain doesn&#39;t need a hero... they need a leader
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2965">49:25 check out the smile on JD&#39;s face...;Mission Accomplished!;
The only one with a natural and healthy reaction pattern was Zelensky, and he doesn&#39;t accept bull shit from people with a poorly hidden agenda.
I don&#39;t like how he kept talking about what Europe was going to do for Ukraine and he wanted to know what ;the united states was going to do now.; There&#39;s not curtesy or respect. It&#39;s like a demand
Trump and Vance were honest and though I support Ukraine over Russia, Zelensky thinks he is entitled to US support, just like everyone else! This is no fake meeing and people and media are used to fake meetings!
trumps a massive cu#@t at peaceaking
;Trump and Zelenskyy’s meeting went from ‘diplomatic talks’ to ‘WWE SmackDown’ real quick—somebody get them a referee before world politics turns into a reality show!;
Thankyou C-SPAN for uploading full conversation. I admired to Honorable Zelensky! God Bless You and all Ukraine Citizens!
;That meeting escalated faster than a WiFi argument at a family dinner—Trump canceled the deal, Zelenskyy got roasted, and Europe is just sitting there with popcorn!;
Zelinsky&#39;s garbage
Vance showed his skills as a VP.  Useless.
Tell putin is who still want a war
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
The Europeans bear some responsibility for the events in Ukraine by constantly seeking to expand their Lebensraum eastward, imposing NATO, thus recalling the expansionism of Hitler and Napoleon.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Trump and Zelenskyy’s last meeting ended in a heated clash, with Trump accusing Zelenskyy of risking ;World War III; and canceling a minerals deal. The fallout has strained U.S.-Ukraine relations, while European leaders reaffirmed their support for Ukraine.
America is losing all its credibility. It has become a Joke to the world now.
These people are morons
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Thank you for the great content!
The first words he spoke were ;thank you so mcuh;
who vote for this f trump?. Trump is criminal the same like putin. It’s very obvious that trump and vince force Zelensky to sign the deal without any guarantee to stop war. Glory to Ukraine Glory to heroes
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Politics doesn&#39;t mean sitting on the fence. Trump and Vance are parroting Russian talking points like ;oh it doesn&#39;t matter who started it we just have to end it; and Trump at the end says that there is a ;witch hunt; on Putin? Zelensky had to sit through half an hour of Trump blowing smoke up his own ass.
How dare you US. You wanna make some stupid selfish attitudes same as before ww2？ SHAMELSS
Would of been quick Trump, if not for the ;equipment; going missing, billions of Dollars and other currencies going missing in regards to arms and aid. There is not quite a few new billionaires in Ukraine as well as USA.
the usa is represented by two pigs
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Why don i wear suit??? Bcoz I want to... My choice
Reading the transcript- wow  - very set up questions - this whole thing was a setup
Very well done, appreciate this video!
;Being thankful; means ;shut up; in this case. Do not be a kid please.
You explained this so well, thank you!
JD is a clown...mark my words
I have been to.... i have watched and seen the stories...    Dear lord we&#39;re cooked
America 1st
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
They did not hear each other. When Trump and Vance were talking about respect and being thankful it meant that Zelenskiy is asked to shut up and do what they told him to do. But he heard this as they really wanted to hear his ;thank you; and was wondering why this was not enough when he did it.I feel I could actually be an interpreter on that meeting 😂
Absolutely disgusting behaviour from Trump and co and they act like Tyrants towards Ukraine.  Sometimes it takes a few words to show Americans real views towards Ukraine
Truth
Clown Zelensky
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
trumps a Pleb
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2370">39:30 just think if JD had kept his mouth shut everything would have been fine....
America will not help without a gain with Pres. Trump as pres., is that so please enlighten me.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
I seriously became a big fan of zelensky, he knows its sensitive and had to be quiet. Whereas this trump is full of childish
All Trump was talking about is how US money got ;wasted; and how much the US could gain from Ukraine&#39;s minerals.  No word about the people who fought there and died, no word about Putins&#39; broken promises. Zelensky tried to explain what had happened and got called out? The whole interview is a perfect example of Trump and the US being ignorant and arrogant at its best. 🤬
Американці хочуть щоб Україну гвалтувала Росія?
Zaensky went there to ask for assistance. Then they disappoint with unimportant stuff: suit, being ungrateful. It&#39;s  very embarrassing when need someone to help you
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This was super helpful, thanks!
@@phucphucgames7897 but after 10+ years of Putin breaking agreements why would anyone believe this time would be different?Just because it would be brokered by Trump?Come on...
This orange president has a deep psychological illness, he thinks he&#39;s a unique creature but he&#39;s very wrong and even his vice president acts like a teenager, they want the world to be at their command but they are very wrong about that
Thank you for the great content!
Trump. Don&#39;t talk about how you want peace. You want to help Putin.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Maggot... sorry
Trump and especially JD Vance really embarrassed us Americans acting like immature clowns 🤡
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump is a magnet of a human..
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2501">41:41 here he makes ;Pukana; - it is Maory face-scaring technology agaist enemy (to show the whites parts of his eyes) - it&#39;s old asian expansion including Europe - where Moravia still exist - but USA have lot of islainds in Picicfic - so they understood his domination technology and intension to attack and get him out
Zelensky is full of cocaine and talk to the US administration like they are old grandparents who don’t know anything about modern life. Z started directly to call Putin terrorist, this is not a way to start a peaceful negotiation
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2562">42:42 ;suka blyat; moment 😂
Great job, this video was very useful!
Context is EXTREMELY important here! What the Eurocucks didn&#39;t see was the 10&#39;s of minutes of absolute disrespect from Zelenskyy leading up to the full-blown arguing.
Crazy Americans. Trump only knows business.. he doesn’t consider good or bad.. thats very dangerous if someone have power to control the world. He doesn’t deserve that position 😢
Great job, this video was very useful!
What a God damn stupid question about the Ukrainian president not wearing a suit and Elon f..kin Musk goes to the oval office dress like if he was going to a party and not respecting the dress codes and protocols, I voted for fake hair Donald ass trump but his arrogance it&#39;s making me regret it and his vice president arrogant white asses.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I think folks may not understand that the guarantee that Ukraine would want is that if Putin breaks the cease-fire that the Trump&#39;s administration puts in place, which is likely, what would the Trump administration do? Trump is either so narcissistic that he thinks that he is soooo good at ;deals; that he can&#39;t imagine that Putin would ever betray him, or this has always been the ploy from the beginning that through Trump&#39;s help Putin will own Ukraine and split the profit of the raw earth minerals.Ukraine should NOT make this bargain. Whichever reason it is, they will lose.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=458">7:38 ;so, thank you very much;
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Go gift your house to a native if you care so much. Otherwise, be quiet. You bring zero to the table with your attitude ;I hate myself, I hate myself, I hate myself.; Cool story bro. Anything else? Are you taking action in any other way? Or are you just taking up space where I could be talking to a person of color? See what you did. Stole all the attention. Dumb ass colonizer. 😂😂😂😂
This is gonna be great television…. That’s all he cares about…. What a joke of a president
You explained this so well, thank you!
Zel talking to much
Great job, this video was very useful!
You explained this so well, thank you!
Because professional Al people especially people of power should wear a suit maybe? Instead of arriving in sweaty gym attire? Dunno just my two cents on it
Are you proud of your president? Seriously! United States of A Clown ….
;why dont you wear a suit;The president is at war. His people are dying. And that&#39;s the question he had for him?....American elitism at its finest
<b>Trump roasted him love it! The rest of G7 countries need to follow along</b>
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2704">45:04  After this, Zelensky should talk with PUTIN, instead of giving rare earth minerals to TRUMP.Zelensky should have honor.
We just watched Vance throw away, live, his future career in politics.
THE WHOLE OF BRITAIN AND EUROPE IS WITH ZELENSKYY❤AND THE PEOPLE OF UKRAINE❤
I think they planned this. They thought they could bully him in to letting them to steal the Ukraine&#39;s resources. They&#39;re using Ukrainian youth as fire wood in the hopes if weakening Russia. They just showed the true color of imperial plale and not white America. Russia and Ukraine should work it out between themselves and Ukraine should join BRICS. The way they disrespected him and took turns to insult him was humiliating. Not ony for the president but also for the Entire Nation of Ukraine. This shows the place the U.S. has for non nuclear nations.
Vance is so good at gaslighting I love it
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Damn, Zelensky in a room full of arrogant idiots.
Zelensky needs to learn when to shut up and make a deal.
Show us the far deal -“ we will be inside? What take over a part of Ukraine like you want to take over Gaza? What’s with the set up questions
Ikr. The dude trying to lay the law down. Also this sort of thing is for closed door meeting. I think they tried to embarrass Trump into an agreement and Vance didn’t appreciate it being displayed in public
This was very informative, appreciate it.
So in other words trump is saying that zelensky has to give his land away for peace, this is a rip deal
What video were you watching?
An agreement to go to war should not be given freely.
I find it interesting that CNN asked the question about guaranteed security…
What wars offer you guarantees? If you break ceasefire you&#39;re giving your enemy am excuse to get other countries involved...
This was super helpful, thanks!
Juvenile Zelenskeyy.  Why did he in the first place want to be a part of NATO by which all this shit happened. 😮
Usa has no rare earth agreement. Zelensky walked away and tgere was no lunch and will not sign after trumps insulting behaviou which has offended all of europe and other allies like Australia, uk and all of the eu.  He needs to discuss that with putin too. Trump does not seem to be aware russia invaded ukraine without any discussion with any nation. Now adolf trump wants to negotiate with putin to give up ukraine soveignty after ukraine gave up its nukes as part of a us agreementTrump sounded like he wants to take and profit from the rare earths. Not buy it. Sell it to germany and france.
Yea but what Zelensky Is saying is that is NOT going to work. Putin has broken 25 signatures. Zelensky wants the US to go head first into a war with Russia. But trump doesn’t want to do that because then that would be WW3, because China will get involved so basically trump is telling him he’s on his own, either sign the deal or you lose the war.
@@speedstyle. 100% this. Also on the US&#39;s previous assurances for a deal with Russia (1994), Ukraine got rid of its nukes. Now Russia is looking at them as free real estate. It&#39;s 100% reasonable to say a ceasefire is not lasting peace.
He is defending his countty, this is not a deal. Why dont trump goes to putin and say he has to stop?
Putin started the war i he shall finish it not Zelenski.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
You explained this so well, thank you!
Would it be possible for JD Vance to put his face any further up Trumps ass? What a moronic kiss ass. Trump and Vance are shameful.
Great job, this video was very useful!
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Zelensky is a COKER! He messes with his nose way too much &amp; he&#39;s bartering for his countries survival on coke! IT SHOWS!
Zalensky owes a million thanks to us all and his people.
The meeting is between the two presidents. But the vp is trying to steal the show
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
yeah some how i thiink u may be right...
Nah trump winking at the reporter who asked about President Zelensky abt his suits is crazyy 😂😂😂😂 trump defend him like he sent em there lmao
Zelenskyy was just pointing out that if Putin gets Ukraine, the next one will be a NATO country. This is the same reason Europe is giving them so much, it&#39;s not altruism or some loan they can recover, it&#39;s just more effective to hold the line to begin with.
Then zelinski lacks common sense. How do you make demands against an opponent who clearly defeated you lol. Imagine Hitler making huge demands as Berlin was about to fall. Man you jokers live in cloud cuku land
I think people are misunderstanding why Trump and Vance are a little upset. They need Zelensky to put aside the anger, to be able to cooperate to get a peace deal. Zelensky is obviously deservedly incredibly angry, Putin did a lot of terrible things, but putting aside anger is the only way to get a deal to save lives. I like Zelensky he&#39;s a proper human, but now he unfortunately has to play politics.
Thank you for the great content!
This meeting was interesting but I&#39;m not sure trump or vance is real peace makers america have sent alot of money to Ukraine but they could  exchange minerals with us trump also seems to be on puttin side or actually terrified of him America should continue supporting Ukraine and we need to add them Nato so we all can have more strength
Vance is a toddler with a beard.
Normies in comments defending zelensky are DELUSOONAL and dont know anything
It&#39;s not too much to ask but he has to read between the lines, this is politics. By entering a binding agreement for mineral rights with the United States, it comes with IMPLIED security. This allows Putin to save face and each side can spin it as a win. Trump was right when he said it&#39;s going to be hard to get a deal done unless attitudes change. He was referring to how Zelensky explicitly said there is no compromise with Putin. If there is no compromise with Putin, WTF are we doing here? Why are we negotiating a ceasefire? Let them fight it out to the last man.
Looks like he was high on coke
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Stupid questions from journalists!! Why don&#39;t you wear and suit?? Do you own a suit???
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Indian&#39;s attendance😅-
Disgusting trump and j.d.
Zelenskyy a big coke head😂😂😂
Your English listening skills are apparently appalling. Zelinski has LOST the war, yet wants the us to continue throwing good money after bad and for what gain exactly?
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Great job, this video was very useful!
So, trump switched gears to protect JD Vance from his comments. I believe the whole world heard Zelensky clearly said thank you in this meeting multiple times, so for this to be a point of contention is really baffling in a position of peacemaker. Hopefully we all learn from this and bring a peaceful end to the war.
Vance clearly lacks emotional intelligence, and doesn&#39;t have the wisdom of Trump in negotiation and deal making. He destroyed a conversation that was going well. People say Trump is volatile &amp; egotistical. I disagree, but JD takes those descriptions above and beyond. There is a clear difference between confidence and arrogance. JD is full of himself and frankly full of s.hit going by how he handled this. Absolute bully behavior. Imagine how conversations go with his wife and kids.
Brilliant move Zelenskyy... Debate JD Vance on live TV. Good luck, fuckface.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Trump is very professional and he is doing his job better than anyone else in that room.
The suit thing was definitely not ok. Why would a person question a president&#39;s dress. Tbh it was very rude.
Vance messed up
OMG! Zelensky is a president?! Jeez!!! Such a clown. Please act with some  integrity if you want to be treated with respect. DIPLOMACY GONE FOR A TOSS!!! The guy doesn&#39;t care about people dying at all. Just wants aid coming in.. such a corrupt fellow
U must be in China. Sounds like their rhetoric. Justice is nothing but fighting for ur own interests
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
So what do trump want.. him to get down and kiss his feet.. I can’t stand this fool
Amazing content as always!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This Meeting was a shame... Vance didn&#39;t understand what ist going on. He ist talking about a deal and democracy. But a clear question from Zelensky he can not answer and He is feeling to be pushed in a corner. Vance had no answer on facts of the ukrainian experience with russia contracts Vance has turned the emotions in this room into an ice block. Vance, shame on you.
Thank you for the great content!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=187">3:07 Thanks so much, Thank you for the meeting and invitation<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=455">7:35 Thank you very muchSo what exactly is JDV talking about at <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2655">44:15? Zelensky&#39;s tone was also very polite and requesting until the sudden turn by JDV and Trump. There&#39;s also 4 minute long compilations of Zelensky thanking the US and its leaders. Why does this feel like misinformation and gaslighting?
Europe isn&#39;t being purely altruistic, they know that Putin won&#39;t stop at Ukraine. The US also gave aid for this reason, the next one will be a NATO country and cost them a lot more. Agree on everything else
vance and trump pissed with Zelensky cuz he didn’t suck trump’s dick on the spot. This is so embarrassing just a bunch of babies in suits. Wish this country was run by women and not fragile little boys
I 100 percent agree. Maybe vance is a throw away fall guy. Immediately after vance said how dare you question me and disrespect my master trump says no I want this to be public and vance goes ;sorry master;, ;you&#39;re right my lord;. He&#39;s Trumps permenantly bent down Igor. This is coming from a 3 time Trump voter. I hate that he had to defend vance for his stupidity. Basically they all have to defend vance to now show any cracks in the shield.
Inhumane , disrespectful and moral less behaviour at best !! Disgusting!!Bunch of bullies .Good on Zelenskyy for resisting and respecting all for his countries peace and safety 🙏
Oh so clearly they had no intention of signing a deal for a secure Ukraine. This was reality TV meant to provoke Zelenskyy live. And now the world sees where US allegiance lies.
vivek dumb too
Why can&#39;t Canada have such leadership?!
Does trump think this is a reality show or something. Like OMG. It’s pretty clear that he’s sided with Putin and that’s scary for this country. Kamala you warned us.
I wonder if Trump would be as ‘aligned’ with Russias dictator, if USA were the ones being BOMBED??? 😳
I agree with trump pn this one not everything but this one he was the right thing
President Trump (of the extreme right wing of Freemasonry representing abominable injustice, excessive selfishness, blatant lack of compassion and physical hatred towards the weakest and foreigners), do you really believe in the existence of the true God Yahweh and Jesus who made you escape death, to BECOME immediately (today) a bloodthirsty supporter to exonerate and Machiavellianly encourage the genocidal executioner Putin, and publicly humiliate and condemn the only current one attacked, violated and victimized with his entire country. Criminal Trump of the Masonic branch of the right wing, your sold pastors who surround you (without teaching you), have they not taught you that the God who spared your life is on the side of justice, of the one who is flouted, humiliated, attacked and wronged, and not automatically on the side of the majority or the strongest (as is often the human tendency). And is there no true man or woman of God, unsold and unhypocritical, to warn you, disavow you AND PREVENT YOU FROM THUS BRINGING ON THE USA THE DIVINE CURSE LINKED TO THE GROSS AND ABOMINABLE INJUSTICE DONE TO AN ENTIRE NATION (UKRAINE)? So with Trump, (Putin and his priests with 1000 magic rings, with Zemour, Marine Lepen, Orban, Méloni, Erdogan, Xi jinping, Kim Jong-un (the radical right-wing) we are invited to join the devil by the side OR THE RADICAL RIGHT WING OF THEIR FREEMASONRY, TO LOVE AND ADHERE TO THE HATRED OF RACES, TO THE ASSUMED CRYING INJUSTICE, to the wickedness, to the lack of compassion, to the cruelty and to the physical hatred of the weakest and of foreigners; THIS, WHILE ADVOCACY AND DEFENDING GOOD MORALS AND JUST MORAL VALUES, WITH A GREAT SEMBLANCE OF BELONGING TO THE TRUE CREATOR GOD, TO THE GOOD PRINCIPLES AND TO THE GOOD ESTABLISHED BY GOD.BECAUSE IN  EFFECT, ALL THIS IS WANTED AND PLAYED IN ADVANCE TO MAKE, FORCEDLY AND KNOWINGLY, HATE AND REJECT THE TRUE GOOD AND THE GOOD CREATOR GOD (recalled constantly voluntarily only by these same heartless executioners of the right), WITH THE SOLE PURPOSE OF MAKING THEM CLAIMS LOUDLY AND QUICKLY RUN TOWARDS THE OTHER MORE DARK LEFT SIDE OF THE DEVIL&#39;S FREEMASONRY (THE LEFT WING OF ALL POLITICAL PARTIES); THIS, FOR AN ACCEPTANCE OF DIRECT WORSHIP OF EVIL. BECAUSE IN EFFECT WITH Mr MACRON (holding an extremely high rank in the world of darkness because of the triple sacrifice of infamy which would be accomplished at the top of the State) with Biden, Kamala Harris, Mélanchon, all the parties, PS, PCF, Popular Front, the Center-right and Center-left Parties, the normal right, the Left and the Far Left REPRESENTING, more or less strongly, THE ENTIRE DIABOLICAL STRATEGIC WING OF THE LEFT WING OF LUCIFERIAN FREEMASONRY OF THE LEFT PARTIESLook at this strange observation:With Macron and all the lefts of the world (or all the diabolical left wing of Freemasonry), theyare the only ones to advocate and defend humanism, living together and THE ACCEPTANCE OF ALL RACES (BUT ONLY TODAY  to force blacks and Arabs to associate with Lgbtqr+ in the same categories and fight to hope to finally be accepted but with the unnatural desires of the devil);  Although it is them, (the only left-wing parties Macron, Biden, Kamala Harris... (the Masonic left wing) who are altruistic, philanthropic, ;generous; (and not the extreme right of the evil Trumps and Putin advocating God and good moral values).On the contrary, it is they, these left-wing parties who manifest exaggerated kindness, laxity and the OVER-ACCEPTANCE OF ALL THE STUPIDITY AND ANYTHING AND WHO IMPOSE ON US THE PRACTICES OF THE DEVIL AND HIS FAMILIARITIES.Thus, it is with them (the left-wing parties) that humans are led to directly demand the presence of the devil and to be fond of his desires; this, through the acceptance, normalization and plebiscites of all the infamies and unnatural and abominable morals (transgender, LGBTQRstvq...,  young teenager committing incest with his father and marrying him, the decriminalization of drugs, law and school curriculum encouraging blaphemy: insults against God, excessive intrusion of the name of the devil and demons in all spheres of our society and TV programs to familiarize themselves with them, and promotion of the devil on all channels encouraging communion with him; To finally find ourselves openly worshiping him without filter, as predicted by the Bible in Rev. and 2 Thess. And all those who will not worship the beast, the incarnation of the evil one, will neither be able to buy with the hand nor sell.. ... ... ..................................
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Trump so fuckin unprofessional
President Trump (of the extreme right wing of Freemasonry representing abominable injustice, excessive selfishness, blatant lack of compassion and physical hatred towards the weakest and foreigners), do you really believe in the existence of the true God Yahweh and Jesus who made you escape death, to BECOME immediately (today) a bloodthirsty supporter to exonerate and Machiavellianly encourage the genocidal executioner Putin, and publicly humiliate and condemn the only current one attacked, violated and victimized with his entire country. Criminal Trump of the Masonic branch of the right wing, your sold pastors who surround you (without teaching you), have they not taught you that the God who spared your life is on the side of justice, of the one who is flouted, humiliated, attacked and wronged, and not automatically on the side of the majority or the strongest (as is often the human tendency). And is there no true man or woman of God, unsold and unhypocritical, to warn you, disavow you AND PREVENT YOU FROM THUS BRINGING ON THE USA THE DIVINE CURSE LINKED TO THE GROSS AND ABOMINABLE INJUSTICE DONE TO AN ENTIRE NATION (UKRAINE)? So with Trump, (Putin and his priests with 1000 magic rings, with Zemour, Marine Lepen, Orban, Méloni, Erdogan, Xi jinping, Kim Jong-un (the radical right-wing) we are invited to join the devil by the side OR THE RADICAL RIGHT WING OF THEIR FREEMASONRY, TO LOVE AND ADHERE TO THE HATRED OF RACES, TO THE ASSUMED CRYING INJUSTICE, to the wickedness, to the lack of compassion, to the cruelty and to the physical hatred of the weakest and of foreigners; THIS, WHILE ADVOCACY AND DEFENDING GOOD MORALS AND JUST MORAL VALUES, WITH A GREAT SEMBLANCE OF BELONGING TO THE TRUE CREATOR GOD, TO THE GOOD PRINCIPLES AND TO THE GOOD ESTABLISHED BY GOD.BECAUSE IN  EFFECT, ALL THIS IS WANTED AND PLAYED IN ADVANCE TO MAKE, FORCEDLY AND KNOWINGLY, HATE AND REJECT THE TRUE GOOD AND THE GOOD CREATOR GOD (recalled constantly voluntarily only by these same heartless executioners of the right), WITH THE SOLE PURPOSE OF MAKING THEM CLAIMS LOUDLY AND QUICKLY RUN TOWARDS THE OTHER MORE DARK LEFT SIDE OF THE DEVIL&#39;S FREEMASONRY (THE LEFT WING OF ALL POLITICAL PARTIES); THIS, FOR AN ACCEPTANCE OF DIRECT WORSHIP OF EVIL. BECAUSE IN EFFECT WITH Mr MACRON (holding an extremely high rank in the world of darkness because of the triple sacrifice of infamy which would be accomplished at the top of the State) with Biden, Kamala Harris, Mélanchon, all the parties, PS, PCF, Popular Front, the Center-right and Center-left Parties, the normal right, the Left and the Far Left REPRESENTING, more or less strongly, THE ENTIRE DIABOLICAL STRATEGIC WING OF THE LEFT WING OF LUCIFERIAN FREEMASONRY OF THE LEFT PARTIESLook at this strange observation:With Macron and all the lefts of the world (or all the diabolical left wing of Freemasonry), theyare the only ones to advocate and defend humanism, living together and THE ACCEPTANCE OF ALL RACES (BUT ONLY TODAY  to force blacks and Arabs to associate with Lgbtqr+ in the same categories and fight to hope to finally be accepted but with the unnatural desires of the devil);  Although it is them, (the only left-wing parties Macron, Biden, Kamala Harris... (the Masonic left wing) who are altruistic, philanthropic, ;generous; (and not the extreme right of the evil Trumps and Putin advocating God and good moral values).On the contrary, it is they, these left-wing parties who manifest exaggerated kindness, laxity and the OVER-ACCEPTANCE OF ALL THE STUPIDITY AND ANYTHING AND WHO IMPOSE ON US THE PRACTICES OF THE DEVIL AND HIS FAMILIARITIES.Thus, it is with them (the left-wing parties) that humans are led to directly demand the presence of the devil and to be fond of his desires; this, through the acceptance, normalization and plebiscites of all the infamies and unnatural and abominable morals (transgender, LGBTQRstvq...,  young teenager committing incest with his father and marrying him, the decriminalization of drugs, law and school curriculum encouraging blaphemy: insults against God, excessive intrusion of the name of the devil and demons in all spheres of our society and TV programs to familiarize themselves with them, and promotion of the devil on all channels encouraging communion with him; To finally find ourselves openly worshiping him without filter, as predicted by the Bible in Rev. and 2 Thess. And all those who will not worship the beast, the incarnation of the evil one, will neither be able to buy with the hand nor sell.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
They could have worked something out it Vance did not blow it and Trump come to his defence.
tell that to putin who started this war
No feelings in business.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
it seemed like a trap
If anyone listen to Zelensky - all he wanted to bring across that ceasefire is not enough to finish the war. Ukraine has been doing it since 2014, Zelensky himself tried so many times to please Putin and was accused by his own government of making mistakes doing so. I think we can learn something from previous mistakes or should we make them again and again. Zelensky said that ceasefire agreements were broken 25 times. 😮we need lasting peace. Trump is very sure of his deal with Putin, and wants to stay impartial. How can be impartial, when all he wants “dig, dig, dig … lots money to be made”
Thank you for the great content!
They already signed two ceasefires in Minsk, effectively giving territory to Putin, and he invaded again when he felt like more. What&#39;s the point in a ceasefire without any consequences backing it up? Zelenskyy wants peace, not peace deals.
Why would Russia even think to break the deal with Americans mining the resources? They do that, it&#39;s bad for them. Why would that dude even bring up the past with Obama? Trump isn&#39;t Obama. So stupid.
That cocaine has got Zalynski&#39;s head. What a joke
Thank you for the great content!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1122">18:42 ;I will wear a costume (suit) after the war is over, maybe something like yours [...points back to the journalist], maybe something better, maybe something cheaper.;  That&#39;s damn right, maybe something better.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
If Zelenskyy just accepted the agreement and makes a deal. Everything will be all good. US and NATO will always back up the Ukraine. Zelenskyy just being tough  and hardss for a small country. That’s why trump talked smack about him. We all know how trump is. That why a lot of ppl hate trump because how he is. Trump is a smart business man. He wanted every country economic runs smoothly.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Decorum exists for a reason: we’re not simply robots crunching numbers and facts. By sidestepping normal protocol—addressing another speaker directly instead of the media, and disregarding the established dress code—President Zelensky shows how even minor breaches of decorum can have serious, real-world repercussions, potentially costing lives. It’s just how it is.
Why the fuck even is vice president allowed to speak during meeting? Its pre planned ambush and Putin does similar stuff in russia so its not hard to see where they got the idea.
We Standing with zelenskey
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Casually discarding the commitment to a more democratic world will inevitably lead to America&#39;s decline. Even if the Democratic Party returns to power and tries to make amends, it will be to no avail.
The media often rushes to characterize Trump&#39;s stance on Putin as supportive, overlooking the nuance in his approach. Trump emphasizes that effective diplomacy necessitates balanced negotiations; openly favoring one side exclusively risks alienating the other, making peaceful resolution unattainable. J.D. underscored that a significant portion of Ukraine has suffered immense destruction, using this point to illustrate the urgency and importance of diplomatic strategies the current administration is pursuing—strategies that differ from the previous administration’s hardline stance, which left limited diplomatic avenues open with Putin.Zelensky took personal offense at this characterization, perceiving it as diminishing Ukraine&#39;s resilience. Unfortunately, he responded by directly confronting the Vice President and publicly questioning the administration&#39;s effectiveness in preventing territorial occupation during its first term. Zelensky&#39;s confrontational approach displayed limited composure and strategic foresight, undermining an important diplomatic opportunity. The President, recognizing Zelensky&#39;s lack of appreciation for the careful diplomatic positioning at play, sees this reaction as detrimental to progressing towards a meaningful ceasefire and lasting peace.
Vance is fool
Trump; we want to get this over with ;Zelenksy states into space there goes the holiday home in Mauritius....
I think this whole mess is also because of Zelensky English 😅, ;What are you talking about JD ,have you ever been to ukraine ;
Does anyone really believe that if the US had financial interests in an agreement with another country that the US wouldn&#39;t protect those intrests? Take Taiwan for example. Does the US turn a blind eye to them? No because the US has a financial intrest in Taiwan. That alone would be security enough. Ukraine would have been immediately under US protection by agreeing to a ceasefire and accepting the deal. The war would have been over with a signature of a pen and there would have been an influx of money into that country to rebuild it and heal it from the sale of the rare earth minerals sold to the US. It could have been a great partnership.
Mr. Zelensky repeat the same assumptions....that Russia will continue and that Ukraine soldiers are fighting for the whole Europe. Russia has no intention to attack Poland or other countries which are NATO allies.
We all pay taxes as Americans! Every single American adult should recieve the 5k relief.
The comments show just how much America has gone to shit let’s be honest it’s been shit since the white mfs came to the country. But it’s also very showing to just how evil EVIL humanity really is . Coming from a white person i wouldn’t even b mad if every other race turned on us we ALL and I mean ALL deserve that shii .
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Both presidents are same. One was film actor and people make him president, other one was property business tycoon, people make him president. So now listen them and enjoy them. Both presidents gave beautiful slogans to their Nation and told them shortcuts toward prosperity and dignity. Unfortunately both Nations will suffer.Boris Johnson and Imran of Pakistan was also from this Shortcut Tribe, UK and and Pakistan are facing the after shocks of their prime minister.Next decades the US and and Ukraine will face the after shocks of their presidents.When people will elect the celebrities and tycoons as a leader, the consequences are physically in front of you.Innocent people will suffer.Dialogue between two presidents looks like a gossip in a Sunday Market.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Show us the far deal -“ we will be inside? What take over a part of Ukraine like you want to take over Gaza?
This was not a meeting. This seemed more like the US pushing its agenda through the media , and Trump showing power. You can clearly see the discomfort of Zelensky , who was denied almost every opportunity to answer. In the 50mins , i think he was only allowed once to speak more than 2 secs. On the other hand , Trump&#39;s right that they are the wildcard Ukraine cannot allow to lose. But it&#39;s not diplomacy to enforce your will like he does.
@@Supremax67 its been how long? Biden ran us into the ground. If you voted for him you voted for mega corporations because they were pulling the strings.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
America switching up on theor allies when the president changes means they are an unreliable partner. Time to ditch USA.
The moment JD VANCE opened his mouth everything went south. The United States looks like the worst country on the planet for how they treated this man who was there and has far more experience than Trump or Vance with PUTIN. The proof is information leaked out to intelligence communities showing Putin and the main players in Russia actually smiling and laughing because they finally seen Trump and his moron vice president fighting with Zelensky on Putin&#39;s behalf. Shame on the Administration of the United States for their actions.
Stupid you trump and your administration... He thanked many times even in this meeting.
Lol trump thinks the whole world revolves around him .. i did this.. i saved that ..me me me all me me me ..says ANYTHING for attention.. grandfathered in clown
Someone please give zelensky spare briefs
That&#39;s not what he said. He said ;we can&#39;t just <b>speak</b> about ceasefire, it will not work; because they already signed the Minsk agreements, Putin broke them and invaded. He wants actual peace, not just peace deals
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=500">8:20 “we don’t have much raw earth. and the raw earth we do have is protected by the environmentalist, but it can be undone.” Im sorry what?!? So you want to no actually land, no hiking areas, no walking paths, no where for us to connect with nature?!? like i know yall don’t care if there is nature…. but when its all gone, we will be sad. Just remember that.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
TRUMP &amp; VANCE never stood a chance against ZELENSKY!They thought that it was the usual, and simply dealing with some ordinary head of state.But, that is VLADIMIR ZELENSKY who has been leading UKRAINIANS ferociously against a RUSSIAN military machine that outguns &amp; outnumbers them 10 to 1.A brave &amp; bold leader, tested &amp; was under fire, who dragged RUSSIA into a quagmire, and depleted their RUSSIAN military supplies &amp; equipment, causing PUTIN to seek assistance from NORTH KOREA to send in NK troops to serve as human sacrifices in its never-ending war against UKRAINE.On the other hand, DONALD &amp; JD both have no actual experience in real combat, in leading a grinding fierce war, and totally no experience in fighting a more powerful adversary. It just so happened that they were there and elected as the PRES &amp; VP of a superpower on the decline &amp; failing fast,Remember when ZELENSKY asked JD during that discussion if he was there in person, in the actual place where everything is happening, JD simply said that he only ;saw it and watched;; assuming he knows it all completely. Remember when ZELENSKY stated while TRUMP was continuously scolding and defending his VP that ;he was summoned there to talk; and the 2 bullies won&#39;t allow him to stating he talked a lot already.ZELENSKY, in fact, has a pointIt seemed only that he was the villain on this since he was outmaneuvered and overpowered during that heated argument, also, not to a homecourt advantage. He was invited there of course and JD keeps on saying DISRESPECT?! He simply cannot fathomed that ZELENSKY has a point and is cornered so since there are media around, they were keeping and holding that reputation. And what&#39;s with the ;not thanking; issue?!So when ZELENSKY showed his game face and how a true, grizzled leader reacts when pushed against the wall, these 2 stupid &amp; bully idiots whom AMERICA designated as their leaders were simply reduced to like some mere children not being able to get their way in their own front yard.So their response??THEY WENT INTO A HISSY BlTCH FIT LIKE A BUNCH OF SPOILED BRATS. TRUMP &amp; VANCE just fvcked around &amp; sadly found out!• I supported TRUMP and his admin ever since his candidacy and after what happened yesterday, I am thinking otherwise! If they can do that to another PRESIDENT, imagine what he can do to ordinary people - powerless and fragile. You do not belittle and scold a leader of another country in front of the entire world just because he did not agree with your terms.ZELENSKY simply wanted assurances &amp; security, not the money that they were claiming, but those 2 bullies are having some intentions now slightly exuding naturally!• watch that discussion again after reading this if you can &amp; observe😐🤔😒
Zelensky said in 2019 putin broke the ceasefire and they went off on the poor dude not fair...... Trump was the president in 2019 so he did break the deal MR TRUMP....They got all but hurt for him calling them out because they didn&#39;t do shit to putin for breaking the contract.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
President Zelensky - As an American, please don’t come back. USA is broke and our national debt is at an unsustainable all time high. USA cannot afford to continue to fund this war. Europe needs to step up and pay the lion share along with providing the security guarantees. USA should not provide any security guarantees and be dragged into this never ending war that Ukraine will never win. The American public does not support using US taxpayer funds to pay for this war, and Trump was elected President on the basis that support for never ending foreign wars would stop immediately.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
TRUMP &amp; VANCE never stood a chance against ZELENSKY!They thought that it was the usual, and simply dealing with some ordinary head of state.But, that is VLADIMIR ZELENSKY who has been leading UKRAINIANS ferociously against a RUSSIAN military machine that outguns &amp; outnumbers them 10 to 1.A brave &amp; bold leader, tested &amp; was under fire, who dragged RUSSIA into a quagmire, and depleted their RUSSIAN military supplies &amp; equipment, causing PUTIN to seek assistance from NORTH KOREA to send in NK troops to serve as human sacrifices in its never-ending war against UKRAINE.On the other hand, DONALD &amp; JD both have no actual experience in real combat, in leading a grinding fierce war, and totally no experience in fighting a more powerful adversary. It just so happened that they were there and elected as the PRES &amp; VP of a superpower on the decline &amp; failing fast,Remember when ZELENSKY asked JD during that discussion if he was there in person, in the actual place where everything is happening, JD simply said that he only ;saw it and watched;; assuming he knows it all completely. Remember when ZELENSKY stated while TRUMP was continuously scolding and defending his VP that ;he was summoned there to talk; and the 2 bullies won&#39;t allow him to stating he talked a lot already.ZELENSKY, in fact, has a pointIt seemed only that he was the villain on this since he was outmaneuvered and overpowered during that heated argument, also, not to a homecourt advantage. He was invited there of course and JD keeps on saying DISRESPECT?! He simply cannot fathomed that ZELENSKY has a point and is cornered so since there are media around, they were keeping and holding that reputation. And what&#39;s with the ;not thanking; issue?!So when ZELENSKY showed his game face and how a true, grizzled leader reacts when pushed against the wall, these 2 stupid &amp; bully idiots whom AMERICA designated as their leaders were simply reduced to like some mere children not being able to get their way in their own front yard.So their response??THEY WENT INTO A HISSY BlTCH FIT LIKE A BUNCH OF SPOILED BRATS. TRUMP &amp; VANCE just fvcked around &amp; sadly found out!• I supported TRUMP and his admin ever since his candidacy and after what happened yesterday, I am thinking otherwise! If they can do that to another PRESIDENT, imagine what he can do to ordinary people - powerless and fragile. You do not belittle and scold a leader of another country in front of the entire world just because he did not agree with your terms.ZELENSKY simply wanted assurances &amp; security, not the money that they were claiming, but those 2 bullies are having some intentions now slightly exuding naturally!• watch that discussion again after reading this if you can &amp; observe😐🤔😒
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Président Trump (de l&#39;aile droite extrême de la franc-maçonnie représentant l&#39;injustice abominable, l&#39;égoïsme démesuré, le manque de compassion criante et la haine physique à l&#39;égard des plus faibles et des étrangers), crois-tu réellement dans l&#39;existence du vrai Dieu Yavé et Jésus qui t&#39;a fait échaper à la mort, pour DEVENIR aussitôt (aujourd&#39;hui) un criminel crapuleux sanguinaire à innocenter et encourager machiavéliquement le bourreau génocidaire Poutine, et humilier et condamner publiquement le seul actuel agressé, violenté et victime avec son pays tout entier. Criminel Trump de la branche maçonnique de l&#39;aile droite, vos pasteurs vendus qui vous entourent (sans vous enseigner), ne vous ont ils pas appris que le Dieu qui a épargné votre vie est du côté de la justice, de celui qui est  bafoué, humilié, agressé et lésé, et pas automatiquement du côté de la majorité ou du plus fort (comme c&#39;est souvent la tendance humaine).Et n&#39;y a t-il aucun véritable homme ou femme de Dieu non vendu et non hypocrite, pour vous avertir, vous désavouer ET VOUS EMPÊCHER D&#39;ATTIRER AINSI SUR LES USA LA MALÉDICTION DIVINE LIÉE À L&#39;INJUSTICE CRIANTE ET ABOMINABLE FAITE À UNE NATION TOUTE ENTIÈRE (L&#39;UKRAINE) ?Ainsi avec Trump, (Poutine et ses prêtres à 1000 bâgues magiques, avec Zémour, Marine Lepen, Orban, Méloni, Erdogan, Xi jinping,  Kim Jong-un (la radicale droitisation) nous sommes invités à rejoindre le diable par le côté OU L&#39;AILE DROITE RADICALE DE LEUR FRANC-MAÇONNERIE,  À AIMER ET ADHÉRER À LA HAINE DES RACES, À L&#39;INJUSTICE CRIANTE ASSUMÉE, à la méchanceté, au manque de compassion, à la cruauté et à la haine physique des plus faibles et des étrangers ; CECI, TOUT EN PRÔNANT ET DÉFENDANT LES BONNES MŒURS ET LES JUSTES VALEURS MORALES, AVEC UN GRAND SEMBLANT D&#39;APPARTENANCE AU VRAI DIEU CRÉATEUR, AUX BONS PRINCIPES ET AU BIEN ÉTABLIS PAR DIEU. CAR EN EFFET, TOUT CELA EST VOULU ET JOUÉ D&#39;AVANCE POUR FAIRE, DE FORCE ET SCIEMMENT HAÏR ET REJETER LE BIEN VÉRITABLE ET LE BON DIEU CRÉATEUR (rappelés sans cesse volontairement que par ces mêmes bourreaux sans cœur de la droite), DANS LE SEUL BUT DE FAIRE RÉCLAMER À CORS ET À CRIS ET FAITE RAPIDEMENT COURIR VERS L&#39;AUTRE CÔTÉ GAUCHE PLUS OBSCUR DE LA FRANC-MAÇONNERIE DU DIABLE (L&#39;AILE GAUCHE DE TOUS LES PARTIS POLITIQUES); CECI, POUR UNE ACCEPTATION D&#39;ADORATION DIRECTE DU MAL.CAR EN EFFET AVEC Mr MACRON (détenant un rang archi élevé dans le monde des ténèbres à cause du sacrifice triplé d&#39;infamie qui serait accompli au sommet de l&#39;État) avec Biden, kamala Harris, Mélanchon, tous les partis, PS, PCF, Front populaire, les Partis des Centre-droit et Centre-gauche, la droite normale, la Gauche et l&#39;Extrême Gauche REPRÉSENTANT, plus ou moins fortement, TOUTE L&#39;AILE  STRATÉGIQUE DIABOLIQUE  DE L&#39;AILE GAUCHE DE LA FRANC-MAÇONNERIE LUCIFÉRIENNE DES PARTIS DE GAUCHE Regardez cette étrange constatation : Avec Macron et toutes les gauches du monde (ou toute l&#39;aile gauche diabolique de la franc-maçonnerie), ilssont les seuls à prôner et défendre l&#39;humanisme, le vivre ensemble et L&#39;ACCEPTATION DE TOUTES LES RACES (MAIS SEULEMENT AUJOURD&#39;HUI pour obliger les noirs et les arabes à s&#39;associer avec les Lgbtqr+ dans les mêmes catégorie et combat pour espérer se voir enfin accepter mais avec les  désirs contre nature du diable); Bien que ce soit eux, (les seuls partis de gauches Macron, Biden, Kamala haris... (l&#39;aile gauche Maçonnique) qui soient altruistes, filantropes, ;généreux; (et pas l&#39;extrême droite des méchants Trumps et Poutine prônant Dieu et les bonnes valeurs morales). À contrario, ce sont eux ces partis de gauche qui manifestent la bonté exagérée, le laxisme et l&#39;acceptation À OUTRANCE DE TOUTES LES BÊTISES ET DU N&#39;IMPORTE QUOI ET QUI NOUS IMPOSENT LES PRATIQUES DU DIABLE ET SES FAMILIARITÉS. Ainsi, C&#39;est avec eux (les partis de gauche) que les humains sont conduits à réclamer directement la présence du diable et à s&#39;affectionner de ses désirs; ceci, à travers l&#39;acceptation, la normalisation et les plébiscites de toutes les infamies et les mœurs contre nature et abominables (transgenre,  LGBTQRstvq..., jeune adolescent commettant l&#39;inceste avec son père et se mariant avec lui, la dépénalisation des drogues, loi et programme scolaire d&#39;encouragement aux blaphèmes : injures contre Dieu, Intruision à outrance du nom du diable et des démons dans toutes les sphères de notre société et les programmes TV pour familiarisation avec eux, et promotion du diable sur toutes les chaines incitant à la communion avec lui ; Pour enfin se retrouver à l&#39;adorer ouvertement sans filtre, comme prédit par la bible dans Apoc et 2 thess Et tous ceux qui n&#39;adoreront pas la bête, l&#39;incarnation du malin, ne pourront ni acheter avec la main, ni vendre.. ... ....... .........
Only board of directors can elect presidents of corporations. U poled for Trump.
It&#39;s like listening to a one year old playing on the big kids play ground.. there&#39;s only room for 3.. China, Russia, and the USA.. if you want to f around, you&#39;re gonna find out. You&#39;re a chihuahua fighting a war against a Great Dane, you&#39;re already dead. Realize that and bend the knee.
Zelinski wants more billions so it can be funnelled and laundered by the deep state.
America has NEVER looked so stupid. how in the fat eyed potato did these guys ever get elected.  fraud?   when is the CIA going to  de-elected these 2 Bozos?
Trump wants a peaceful diplomatic deal. Zelensky wants to pull in Europe and USA into World War III because he refuses to admit defeat
Président Trump (de l&#39;aile droite extrême de la franc-maçonnie représentant l&#39;injustice abominable, l&#39;égoïsme démesuré, le manque de compassion criante et la haine physique à l&#39;égard des plus faibles et des étrangers), crois-tu réellement dans l&#39;existence du vrai Dieu Yavé et Jésus qui t&#39;a fait échaper à la mort, pour DEVENIR aussitôt (aujourd&#39;hui) un criminel crapuleux sanguinaire à innocenter et encourager machiavéliquement le bourreau génocidaire Poutine, et humilier et condamner publiquement le seul actuel agressé, violenté et victime avec son pays tout entier. Criminel Trump de la branche maçonnique de l&#39;aile droite, vos pasteurs vendus qui vous entourent (sans vous enseigner), ne vous ont ils pas appris que le Dieu qui a épargné votre vie est du côté de la justice, de celui qui est  bafoué, humilié, agressé et lésé, et pas automatiquement du côté de la majorité ou du plus fort (comme c&#39;est souvent la tendance humaine).Et n&#39;y a t-il aucun véritable homme ou femme de Dieu non vendu et non hypocrite, pour vous avertir, vous désavouer ET VOUS EMPÊCHER D&#39;ATTIRER AINSI SUR LES USA LA MALÉDICTION DIVINE LIÉE À L&#39;INJUSTICE CRIANTE ET ABOMINABLE FAITE À UNE NATION TOUTE ENTIÈRE (L&#39;UKRAINE) ?Ainsi avec Trump, (Poutine et ses prêtres à 1000 bâgues magiques, avec Zémour, Marine Lepen, Orban, Méloni, Erdogan, Xi jinping,  Kim Jong-un (la radicale droitisation) nous sommes invités à rejoindre le diable par le côté OU L&#39;AILE DROITE RADICALE DE LEUR FRANC-MAÇONNERIE,  À AIMER ET ADHÉRER À LA HAINE DES RACES, À L&#39;INJUSTICE CRIANTE ASSUMÉE, à la méchanceté, au manque de compassion, à la cruauté et à la haine physique des plus faibles et des étrangers ; CECI, TOUT EN PRÔNANT ET DÉFENDANT LES BONNES MŒURS ET LES JUSTES VALEURS MORALES, AVEC UN GRAND SEMBLANT D&#39;APPARTENANCE AU VRAI DIEU CRÉATEUR, AUX BONS PRINCIPES ET AU BIEN ÉTABLIS PAR DIEU. CAR EN EFFET, TOUT CELA EST VOULU ET JOUÉ D&#39;AVANCE POUR FAIRE, DE FORCE ET SCIEMMENT HAÏR ET REJETER LE BIEN VÉRITABLE ET LE BON DIEU CRÉATEUR (rappelés sans cesse volontairement que par ces mêmes bourreaux sans cœur de la droite), DANS LE SEUL BUT DE FAIRE RÉCLAMER À CORS ET À CRIS ET FAITE RAPIDEMENT COURIR VERS L&#39;AUTRE CÔTÉ GAUCHE PLUS OBSCUR DE LA FRANC-MAÇONNERIE DU DIABLE (L&#39;AILE GAUCHE DE TOUS LES PARTIS POLITIQUES); CECI, POUR UNE ACCEPTATION D&#39;ADORATION DIRECTE DU MAL.CAR EN EFFET AVEC Mr MACRON (détenant un rang archi élevé dans le monde des ténèbres à cause du sacrifice triplé d&#39;infamie qui serait accompli au sommet de l&#39;État) avec Biden, kamala Harris, Mélanchon, tous les partis, PS, PCF, Front populaire, les Partis des Centre-droit et Centre-gauche, la droite normale, la Gauche et l&#39;Extrême Gauche REPRÉSENTANT, plus ou moins fortement, TOUTE L&#39;AILE  STRATÉGIQUE DIABOLIQUE  DE L&#39;AILE GAUCHE DE LA FRANC-MAÇONNERIE LUCIFÉRIENNE DES PARTIS DE GAUCHE Regardez cette étrange constatation : Avec Macron et toutes les gauches du monde (ou toute l&#39;aile gauche diabolique de la franc-maçonnerie), ilssont les seuls à prôner et défendre l&#39;humanisme, le vivre ensemble et L&#39;ACCEPTATION DE TOUTES LES RACES (MAIS SEULEMENT AUJOURD&#39;HUI pour obliger les noirs et les arabes à s&#39;associer avec les Lgbtqr+ dans les mêmes catégorie et combat pour espérer se voir enfin accepter mais avec les  désirs contre nature du diable); Bien que ce soit eux, (les seuls partis de gauches Macron, Biden, Kamala haris... (l&#39;aile gauche Maçonnique) qui soient altruistes, filantropes, ;généreux; (et pas l&#39;extrême droite des méchants Trumps et Poutine prônant Dieu et les bonnes valeurs morales). À contrario, ce sont eux ces partis de gauche qui manifestent la bonté exagérée, le laxisme et l&#39;acceptation À OUTRANCE DE TOUTES LES BÊTISES ET DU N&#39;IMPORTE QUOI ET QUI NOUS IMPOSENT LES PRATIQUES DU DIABLE ET SES FAMILIARITÉS. Ainsi, C&#39;est avec eux (les partis de gauche) que les humains sont conduits à réclamer directement la présence du diable et à s&#39;affectionner de ses désirs; ceci, à travers l&#39;acceptation, la normalisation et les plébiscites de toutes les infamies et les mœurs contre nature et abominables (transgenre,  LGBTQRstvq..., jeune adolescent commettant l&#39;inceste avec son père et se mariant avec lui, la dépénalisation des drogues, loi et programme scolaire d&#39;encouragement aux blaphèmes : injures contre Dieu, Intruision à outrance du nom du diable et des démons dans toutes les sphères de notre société et les programmes TV pour familiarisation avec eux, et promotion du diable sur toutes les chaines incitant à la communion avec lui ; Pour enfin se retrouver à l&#39;adorer ouvertement sans filtre, comme prédit par la bible dans Apoc et 2 thess Et tous ceux qui n&#39;adoreront pas la bête, l&#39;incarnation du malin, ne pourront ni acheter avec la main, ni vendre.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
That was disgusting how Vance and Trump lost their cool. They really blew it.
You explained this so well, thank you!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2745">45:45 it is very important this is done in front of the American media so we can see the stupidity in office
Did you notice...Vice president is the culprit here
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
So much of exaggeration, faking up the facts, threats from Zelensky about Russia. These talks excludes Russia and they should not, because there are many things that Zelensky misrepresents to attract attention and pull his own cards.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Mr. President Zelenskyy is unmatured and seems emotional
Zelenski looks like a fish out of water
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was super helpful, thanks!
no body respects you trump
Sorry Vice president
Shame on USA, shame on Trump and his team
Russia is more free then Ukraine. F Z
Unless its good cop bad cop which it doesnt seem i think Jd vance steps out of line and is eager to show his ass.Trump had to back his vice presiden.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I cannot BELIEVE this weasel is president AGAIN. Lord help us
This was super helpful, thanks!
Great job, this video was very useful!
America should learn to be humble. Pride comes before a fall .
We don&#39;t hate the US enough.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump you are a discrace ASO VANCE
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2520">42:00 it&#39;s tuning bad for Zelensky? TOUGH!
The complexity of the entire situation is too much for a quick explanation. It appears Zelenzky was enjoying support from the previous presency along with UK support, and now he isn&#39;t getting it. All Trump cares about is what he can get out of it, which on paper sounds good because people value his ;business; tactics but that in itself can be dangerous depending on what his end game entails and the damage he will cause just to make a buck, based on. The way he speaks about Putin makes it seem as he learns towars supporting him more than holding a neutral position which then begs the question of what he&#39;s really up to.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Can&#39;t believe trump choose this dumb Vance instead of Vivek 😅
This Ukraine president doesn&#39;t want to stop this war, he is really trying to influence Teump to take up arms and aim at Russia. Trump puts it clear that he wants this war finished.Zelenky thinks Russia don&#39;t have allies to support him.
I really think this was all just theatre to showcase the dilemmas facing all parties concerned. It has to be this way to show strength.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Y a du bois de palettes dans la cheminée ????
Canada committed boots on the ground with the United Nations id thats what it takes.
i’ve never seen him in a suit lol
If Vance didn’t take part in the discussions there would&#39;ve have been any argument.
UK given more than usa ! Ça il a pas supporté
Just imagine if Putin was also part of the press conference.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2398">39:58 i know what you&#39;re looking for, you can start it from here😂
You explained this so well, thank you!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Stop Burmese civil wars as well, Mr President.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I beg the forgiveness of President Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian people for the abhorrent behavior and foolishness of Trump and Vance. Putin is insane and must be stopped.Ukraine has the support of all sane and morally responsible US citizens, though we have insofar failed to remove these frauds and oligarchs from positions of power. Our country is at war with itself, and any promises coming from the current administration are unreliable at best.
That was quick 😳
We can tell Trump felt bad about this “suit question” so he gave a positive comment about his outfit afterwards and I love him for that.
beggars can&#39;t be choosers
Ok so a few things i took from this meeting...#1 - Whichever news media outlet is responsible for the moron who asked the dumb question about Zelensky not wearing a suit, do everyone a favor and fire that guy. Why insult someone in the middle of peace talks?...Ridiculous..#2 - Zelenskyy...what outcome did you expect to come from saying in the middle of this interview that ;a ceasfire is not possible; ??? What is the point of having peace talks when you say things like this...Irresponsible..#3 - JD Vance...dude...why did you have to get all emotional and go off on such a rediculous rant about ;when have you said thank you; blah blah...while i understand that Zelenskyy was the one that asked you loaded question, you should have taken a few seconds before replying. You could have avoided escalation, and worst of all, ryling up Trump to engage in such a ridiculous argument.#4 - We NEED a new meeting to resume these peace talks! JD Vance needs to stay out of it this time. And Zelenskyy...either you come ready to talk real piece OR except the fact that you will be losing U.S. support moving forward.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
It&#39;s sickening to watch the ignorance and arrogance of Trump and Vance. Trump won&#39;t speak bad on Putin but will disrespect his predecessors. Putin only invidad during the Biden administration because he knew Biden was overwhelmed with trying to resuscitate this country from Trump failed first term. Now this fool is about to get us alienated. No wonder countries are turning on us. This was disgusting
Trump and JD Vance are two cowards that embarrass the United States to the Whole World. These two guys are shameless and a disgrace.
Amazing content as always!
Extremely disappointing in JD Vance and for the reporter who asked about Pres Zelensky’s attire. Zelensky just travelled 10 hrs, was jet legged, exhausted with a 3 yr war, trying to express his concerns in a language not his primary. His concerns re security are legitimate, especially given Putin’s history with his country. Now that the Zelensky’s and Trumps thoughts have been publicly aired, they should return to the table and do a deal. If the US have a vested interest in their country, being the minerals and related resources, there would be inherent security in their presence I would think.
Sign the deal, or we will stop the aid!!! 😅😂 Absolutely 💯!!
I saw no results, big talks no results.
Why upload in only 720p?
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Biden screwed the USA, with the Ukraine and illegal immigrates. What do you really think about Biden/Hunter ?
Trump lies when he says Biden had a cease fire agreement with Putin. Putin signed an agreement with Ukraine, France, Germany in 2019 while TRUMP was president. Putin broke that. Biden met with Putin once in 2021 and no cease fire agreement was signed. The invasion began February 2022.
The white house disrespected HIM!  How sick!  Americans voted for the Donald!
Trump put this puppet in his place..war mongering europe.needs to do the same thing !    Isreal needs to get out of Palestine.. and needs to respect international Law. Stop killing kids ! Disgraceful
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This was super helpful, thanks!
This administration is a Joke
Trump parrot?  No imagination?
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
@<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=716">11:56 Zelensky is making comments on how EU gave a lot. Trump jokingly says much less... don&#39;t argue with me; wooow! Signs of the future breakdown of the conversation
This was very informative, appreciate it.
So you are saying Russia should conquer countries unopposed?
Great job, this video was very useful!
Zelenskyy wants this war to end permanently, you have to understand his point of view. Trump can solve this problem now, but he’s not gonna be the president forever. putin can do anything when he wants to, he can be the president of russia till he dies. So this should be well calculated.
Just stop the Ukraine war !Why are young men dying for a past President. That Biden gave 200 billion
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Typical eastern euroLet me make better deal
Perfectly said!
Jesus Christ this is absolutely pathetic, I&#39;ve never been truly ashamed to be an American!!!!🙃😕🤦🤦🤦🤦
TrumPutin, be careful with JD Vance. With a Vicepresident like him, you don&#39;t need enemies.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I learnt a lot from this conversation ,wish Mr Trump can really stop this God damn war .....
It was going good until that dumb question about the suit -_-
Trump and JD take a long walk off a short peer. That would be helpful
Not another dime for Zelensky.  Not another American weapon.  No more wars.  ENOUGH OF THE WARS!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
What is he saying here? Weapons we are gonna use in many countries???😮
Donald Trump adore Putin.  No matter what he pretends he serves Putin!
The $350b number Trump keeps using is a lie. But he knows Fox and OAN will not call him out on the lie so he can keep lying to his base.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2434">40:34 that’s when the argument got heated up, do you really think his tone towards a sitting vice president at the end ‘what diplomacy are you talking about MR JD Vance ‘ is satisfactory? He’s more towards biden and democrats who gave away funds backed with nothing..
Maybe he should do a ceasefire instead of kidnapping his own citizens on the streets who don&#39;t want to fight, chucking them in blacked out vans, and chucked on the front line... yeah i bet if u left wing dorks saw those videos youd quickly change your stance. If he doesn&#39;t ceasefire his country will fall millions more will die.
JD and Trump reacting the way they did towards Zelinsky makes me think that they&#39;re afraid of Putin.
Damn I was actually thinking for a bit that Trump was acting very cordial and restrained up until the end where they just bullied zellenskyy, a man dealing with problems they could never comprehend. What a bunch of bullies.
The last 5-10 min the tension is through the roof 😂
Trump gives us transparency in his negotiations. He&#39;s working for the American people.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
putting US workers in Ukraine will end the war, as long as we are taking (stealing) their natural resources.  hahaha trump is sneaky.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
This was super helpful, thanks!
From the word go, Zelensky wanted guarantees for Ukraine! He needs his country to be calm and at peace. Is that too much to ask?
Bro this would have not happend if the vp didnt esclate it 🤌
<a =":/shorts/ZmpnT2XnYqo">:youtube.com/shorts/ZmpnT2XnYqo?si=KEnLbhgZ0s0N4kyC
Um, Trump?  Zelensky was predicting something, not dictating.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
How did negotiations be held without any Ukranians being involvedThis meeting deteriorated rapidly with drumpft &amp; vance yelling, while Zelensky maintained his composure.Money is the only thing on the puke&#39;s  mind.He did not win by a landslide, nor is this a mandate from the majority of Americans.Nothing he has done is what was voted for by any of the totality of the voters on the whole; just listen to the Townhall Meetings, on borh sides.💯💙💙💙
Wow. Vance jumped straight on Zelensky, completely unprovoked, and yelled at him and then proceeded to continually attack and insult him. Wtf, that was downright nuts, it didn&#39;t even make any sense. Then Trump just ran with it 🤷🏼‍♀️
First and foremost. I do not support a news outlet that doesn&#39;t allow speech in it&#39;s comment section.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
If this meeting had only been between Trump and Zelensky without anyone else it may not have happened this way. Vance was a disgrace .
Trump is 100% lying there!  Europe gave a lot more money than the United States to Ukraine, and they didn&#39;t even care if they got it back or not.  They just truly wanted to help Ukraine.  <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=616">10:16  Trump is an opportunistic parasite kicking Ukraine in the teeth when they&#39;re down.  Also weather President Zelinskyy wears a suit or not is not the subject here, and the person that brought it up is a childish idiot for even mentioning it.  Trump didn&#39;t even listen to what President Zelinskyy said when he said that Russia has violated the ceasefire many times before.  They need to bring the 20,000 children back home to their parents, and the pastors as well.  This has nothing to do with a card game, this is about people&#39;s lives, and people dying, and people being kidnapped, and even beaten.  Trump says; ;I empowered you to be a tough guy.;  President Zelinskyy is already a tough guy without anyone&#39;s help.  It&#39;s president Trump that&#39;s disrespecting President Zelinskyy and treating him like garbage.  Trump and Vance also needs to stop grandstanding like overcooked pigs.  This is Putin&#39;s midlife crisis war.  Putin needs to go to war to feel good about himself.  Before the Russian Ukraine war I used to really like Putin alot, but after Russia started this war I now only see Putin as a crazed lunatic.  If Putin succeeds in conquering Ukraine he will not stop there.  He will go into the Baltic and Poland.  He needs to be stopped!  Putin has broke his own signature 25 times!  Is President Trump really so retarded that he thinks a ceasefire on a piece of paper is going to stop Putin.  A piece of paper is not going to stop bullets, bombs, and missiles from killing their people.  They need security!
Ok Svetlana
Zelensky wants the world to pay for his war.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
trump is just a sick old individual I can&#39;t call human
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Apologising is irrelevant…  I know people want to say whatever cause they just hate Pres. Trump but P.Trump is correct and doesn’t sugarcoat it… Ukraine WILL not win with Russia and only has a chance if USA steps in to help but by doing this then China and N. Korea will step in and then we have WWIII where it is now USA, Russia, China, Europe and Middle Eastern and we all know nuclear weapons will be used and boom…. Earth is gone!!
;What if what? What if a bomb drops on your head right now?!;  LOL
Marvel movie
350b $ x)
How dare zelelensky disrespect the white house
Russia was initially a state in the former Soviet Union, which was a communist country. The Soviet Union kept invading it&#39;s neighbors, which is why NATO was founded in 1949.Months before the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, Ukraine, which fought for it&#39;s freedom, became a Constitutional Republic with fair elections, similar to the U.S.A..Russia is a totalitarian dictatorship, with State-run press, no free speech, where protest is not allowed, and where Putin&#39;s political opponents are imprisoned or murdered. Russia invading countries has continued.Since Ukraine was founded, Russia has invaded Moldovia, fought two wars in Chechnya, invaded Georgia, (Not Georgia, U.S.A., obviously), and Russia invaded Crimea, Ukraine in 2014. That follows a long history of Russia, or the former Soviet Union, invading countries it borders. That&#39;s why Poland, Romania, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia, all that border Russia, are NATO members today.And, the arguments some people have made to oppose helping Ukraine are the same arguments some people made when Hitler&#39;s Germany invaded Austria, and then Poland.𝘐&#39;𝑣𝘦 𝑛𝘰𝑡𝘪𝘤𝘦𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝘢𝑡 𝑛𝘰𝘸 𝘴𝘰𝘮𝘦 𝑝𝘰𝑙𝑡𝘪𝘤𝘪𝘢𝑛𝘴 𝘢𝑟𝘦 𝑡𝑟𝘺𝘪𝑛𝘨 𝑡𝘰 𝑝𝑟𝘦𝘴𝘦𝑛𝑡 𝑅𝘶𝘴𝘴𝘪𝘢&#39;𝘴 𝑑𝘪𝘤𝘢𝑡𝘢𝑡𝘰𝑟𝘴ℎ𝘪𝑝 𝘢𝘴 𝘰𝘬𝘢𝘺. 𝘐𝑟𝘰𝑛𝘪𝘤𝘢𝑙𝑙𝘺, 𝑡ℎ𝘦𝘴𝘦 𝘢𝑟𝘦 𝑡ℎ𝘦 𝘴𝘢𝘮𝘦 𝑝𝘰𝑙𝘪𝑡𝘪𝘤𝘪𝘢𝑛𝘴 𝘤𝘰𝑛𝘴𝑡𝘢𝑛𝑡𝑙𝘺 𝑟𝘢𝑛𝑡𝘪𝑛𝘨 𝘢𝑏𝘰𝘶𝑡 ;𝘴𝘰𝘤𝘪𝘢𝑙𝘪𝘴𝘮; 𝘢𝑛𝑑 ;𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘮𝘶𝑛𝘪𝘴𝘮.;𝐃𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐝 𝐓𝐫𝐮𝐦𝐩 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐉.𝐃. 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐜𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐩𝐞𝐚𝐜𝐞. Peace is good, however, that decision should be up to Ukraine, which was invaded by Russia.America&#39;s Revolutionary War against Great Britain went on for seven years. I&#39;m glad Great Britain didn&#39;t win. And, Great Britain didn&#39;t even invade the U.S..𝐈𝐟 𝐑𝐮𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐚 𝐠𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐬 𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐝, 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝒏𝒐𝒕 𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐝 𝐭𝐨 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐩𝐞𝐨𝐩𝐥𝐞 𝐰𝐡𝐨 𝐛𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐑𝐮𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐚𝐧 𝐜𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐳𝐞𝐧𝐬.And, given the numerous invasions by Russia, allowing Russia to be successful by acquiring land and/or resources, is more likely to encourage future invasons, much like when the world ignored Germany invading Austria.In 1994, with the United States acting as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia,  Ukraine agreed to full disarmament, including strategic weapons, in exchange for economic support and security assurances from the United States and Russia. That is known as 𝑇ℎ𝘦 𝘔𝘢𝘴𝘴𝘢𝑛𝑑𝑟𝘢 𝘈𝘤𝘤𝘰𝑟𝑑𝘴. And, a new 10 years agreement was signed last year.U.S.-Ukraine Bilateral Security Agreement<a =":2021-2025.state.gov/u-s-ukraine-bilateral-security-agreement/">:2021-2025.state.gov/u-s-ukraine-bilateral-security-agreement/We should keep our word. That&#39;s both the moral choice, and also nobody should trust the United States in the future if we don&#39;t keep our word. We got Ukraine to disarm, and abandoning them now would be very wrong.And, regardless of our policy. Donald Trump claiming President Zelensky was to blame for Russia invading Ukraine was a false and insane claim. And, days later, after pressure from some Republicans, when he seemed to backtrack on that claim, he then said that Zelensky and Biden ;accepted; the invasion, which is another crazy claim.
ZELENZKY CAN PLAY A PIANO WITH HIS DICK TRUMPS MUSHROOM NOT GONNA HAPPEN
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
The US told Ukraine to disarm nuclear weapons, wanted minerals, now ask Ukraine wearing suit.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=2392">39:52 This is when JD spoiled the party and sabotaged the signing. On purpose? Clown show either way
Why doesn&#39;t he wear a suit? On that note, show some class. You&#39;re asking the leader of the Free World for 250 million dollars in foreign aid. Your third world hellhole country is NOT owed American blood. Nor is it owed American dollars. Nor is it i infact owed anything by anyone.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Trump and Vance have already made their mind to look down on Zelensky before the meeting, no matter what he says. I elected them and I know they can improve.
Trump keeps winning
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=947">15:47 Trump saw Kaitlin and turned around real quick 😂...
President of Ukraine  is also  a hottie  ! 😂🤣😂
ILL GIVE YOU JAVILINS JUST GIVE ME DIRT ON HUTER BIDEN
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
body language says everything
Was it a press conference for Trump  or was it supposed to be a negotiation?  Trump spent the whole time telling us how much better he is than Biden, smh. What a waste of everyone&#39;s time.
Trump continues criticizing Biden a lot and didn’t realize he is not in the election campaign anymore.  He does not need to do that…
Bought and paid for by Russia.
I think that went well context is 🔑
Such a stupid question - what has to do how he is dressed
So DID THEY HAVE LUNCH TOGETHER?????
Putin is not trust worthy deep down he&#39;s evil and will turn on us One day
Great job, this video was very useful!
vp vance is like scared little bit sch, hiding behind her big bf throwing insults and letting her bf take the hits.  trump should remove this guy for his own good.
I suggest that zielinski should get in the ring with Putin and Duke it out there in the ring.. the winner gets control of the losers country
So, Russia invaded Ukraine and massacre the population and President Trump favor the deal to the Russians 😮
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Raw Earth? Trump, it&#39;s rare earth.
So he has a point. What&#39;s to stop Putin from breaking the ceasefire since he doesnt seem to care much about agreements he makes. Trump seems so sure his friendship will make him keep his word this time that he doesn&#39;t wven consider it. Him and this guy next to him are freakin jokes. He bashes Biden so much, but he doesn&#39;t have room to talk. We are in for a rough four years if the first month is any indication
Trump thinks he’s still on the apprentice 😡
“Raw Earth”? 😅
It’s hilarious and sad how these ;diplomats; get hysterical, when the discussion begins not just ;peace and negotiations are needed;, but how to achieve this peace and how arguments can have weight so that these negotiations can begin at all, their rose-colored glasses gets shattered, that simply saying ;let&#39;s make peace; will not work, and they begin to talk about ;respect;, because they have nothing to answer and they have nothing more to say
When you gain an eye twitch and drop IQ points after visiting the 2025 US Oval Office. Option A. Make a deal with no set guarantees that Russia wont continue attacks. or B. Don’t make a deal, and Russia continues attacks. 🤔🤦‍♀️👏
Russia has Trump by the balls
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Trump you are a scam
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Trump and Vance are both worthless and shameless. Bottom of the barrel trash.
;You are more reptile than man;, Trump!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Zelensky had one job... Keep his mouth shut, smile and sign the freaking deal. What a twat...
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Vance is dumb
The joker Trump just wants attention
Don gato y su Padilla.  🇩🇪 🇫🇷 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 y me imagino q ya se dan una idea…
Not an ounce of decorum. This was disgusting!
Trump did not know the history of the conflict since 2014.
What gives Trump the right to put his hands on President Zelenski?Clear sign of someone who believes they are superior in every way.... BULLY!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1854">30:54 and esp <a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1960">32:40
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Vance shut your mouth.  You are a traitor and disgrace to America.
It seems Zelenskyy is under influence of some drugs where he will not take  a valid reason for cease fire …… The way they dealt with him should be more diplomatic instead of letting swords out …
It illustrates where the expression “son of a b-itch” comes from. We all learned about JD’s mother from Hillbilly Elegy, and we clearly see how a dude raised by such a low life ~loose~ woman ends up being true “son of a b-itch”. That’s where the expression comes from. He is not the first not the last. Such loose messed up women shouldn’t be mothers, because the final “product” of their parenting is as we all see, true son of a b-itch.
I can never comprehend the fact that Americans voted for the piece of shit who boasts his chest in front of a president whose country is being attacked. What the hell did really happen here ?
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Zelensky appears to be intoxicated.Does anyone else get that impression?
About 2 minutes in, Trump says “it was supposed to be over with very quickly”.😮
Ironic thumbnail
A good time to remember that during his first term, Trump met with Putin in private and told the press that what they spoke about was ;none of [our] business;
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1960">32:40  Trump is asked if he would be willing to visit Ukraine.  He declines to answer. Yet in the last few days he expressed a desire to go to Moscow. RUSSIAN STOOGE!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Trump is acting hyper as hell
This was very informative, appreciate it.
JD vance look like a villain straight out of Hollywood movie
Zelenskyy is a child
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Great job, this video was very useful!
Trump and Vance are not wanting peace. They are a dangerous joke.
with all that phony scam trump talks about, why should zelensky trust anything trump says?  he is afraid US is going to mine all their resources until it runs dry and then bail, leaving them back to square one with russia.  most likely when trump leaves office after 4 years, and next one happens to be a lib lunatic, they are going to pull out of ukraine and russia will go right back in.  politians are all a bunch of liars.  what a sad world we live in.  where is righteousness?  does it even exist?
The ONLY thing Trump wants to do is GET THE PRECIOUS MINERALS FROM UKRAINE.Without guaranteeing that the U.S. would provide assistance when Russia breaks the cease fire agreement. Trump wants EXACTLY WHAT PUTIN WANTS... The precious metals that are in Ukraine....and he ALWAYS SOUNDS SO STUPID when he puts downs every president before him.
Very poor attitude of Zelensky
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
<a =":/7pxbGjvcdyY&amp;t=1815">30:15 Trump claims that he stopped wars before. Fails to name any. Another lie.
Oh how cute. Two well fed bullies ganged up against one guy whose small defenseless country is a victim of russia, and they “showed him”. Same heroism as robbing some  blind old grandma at a sidewalk.
People are really Twisted, At one point they want to stop the war and the only way of doing that is a deal which Trump can help provide, and at another side they want Ukraine to win, like wth? No one wins in a war, I would rather lose and save life of people than Go in a war which i definitely can&#39;t win. What do you think Zelensky is doing, he&#39;s legit sacrificing his people in a war that he can&#39;t win and it&#39;s a fact. What&#39;s the point of all this? To have piece of land? Like fr?
Zelensky’s only mistake at this meeting was that he fussed.  This is due to lack of experience.   Otherwise he won.  Because he had a conscience on his side.  And on the other side there were completely different passions.
This interview shows that Trump words means nothing. He claims that Zelensky is playing with war, when it’s clear that the only person, that don’t consider this as a serious meeting is Trump. He doesn’t care about a peace at all, just wanted to show that he “tried” to do something by wasting time of the people
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
God curse America. Oh, I&#39;m sorry. There is no god, we brought this curse on ourselves so, fuck us all... Seriously, I&#39;ve never been more disgusted or ashamed to be an American in my life...
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Legend has it Elon’s eyes 👀 are still rolling around.
🇺🇦
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
This is a major screw up. You NEVER stage a possible signing of documents for the cameras unless it is a done deal. It makes me suspect that IF they had made it to the signing in the East Room, the documents would be nothing more than non binding ;goals;A few years ago, Trump staged a dramatic signing of papers with Kim Jong Un and the documents were just full of non binding goals then too.
Zelenskky put his foot in his mouth. He should have his ambassador do the talking next time , if there is a next time.
We love you, President Trump thank you for our country first❤🇺🇸
Very well done, appreciate this video!
OMFG this is so FUCKING infuriating, the entire thing!!! Holy SHIT!!!
What a joke. The United States is the laughing stock of the world. They should pull themselves together and look past their ego and pride.
Disgusting what a disgrace to what America used to be.
Trump is an unbelievable POS.  Trump, the ;Bone spur; draft-dodging, coward, has the balls to lecture the bravest leader of the 21st century about war. This isn&#39;t a peace talk. Ths is Trump attempting to rape Ukraine of it&#39;s mineral reserves for Putin. Zelensy should have punched the sh+t out of trump
That last 20 minutes was a masterpiece straight from The Jerry Springer vintage catalog. They sound like a group of high school boys
Thank you for the great content!
This joke of a president is defending Putin. Like he&#39;s a victim. Worthless.
Actors play for you peoples
Zekensky definitely has some valid points as well as Trump!!!!! 🙏 hope this gets resolved ASAP!!!!!  Very sad situation!!!!!!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
RUSSIA IS LOSING THE WAR AGAINST UKRAINE, AND PUTIN IS DESPERATE FOR A PEACE AGREEMENT.
Trump will be known as a ;Piss Maker; and not a Peace Maker.
All he wanted to was to dress nice, have lunch, sign the documents and that’s it. Save Ukrainians.
They tell us how many soldiers have died for Russia and for Ukraine… We are taking their word, thats the problem. Nothing is verifiable. Can’t keep taking their word as bond. They are continuing the fake news
Hilarious 😂 Trump is the best!
Vance shouldn&#39;t have even been there. And that reporter asking dumb questions about suits either. Disgusting.
TRUMP IS GOING TO MAKE THE USA FALL EVEN MORE THAN IT IS...AND BY MAKING THE USA GREAT, (WHICH HE HAS NEVER DONE), HE WILL MAKE THE USA MORE ALONE THAN EVER...I THOUGHT THAT TRUMP WAS AN EXCELLENT CHOICE FOR PRESIDENT, BUT SO FAR A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT...
It would be great to see Putin&#39;s first impression of this meeting
Loved this video, keep up the great work!